On my point of vew i agree much with specializing in one specific academic subject more than having broad knowledge of many subjects .

When people specialize in one subject they would have deeper understanding of the subject more than people having broad knowledge of many academic subjects , for example a doctor can not have broad knowledge of his field of study that could lead to dangerous and seriouse situations .

Having people specialized in specific subject is useful for improving the subject itself .
A good example would be geologist whos saving his time and efforts to improve new methods of discovering his field of study .

Finally having people with many academic broad know
I agree whit the statement below .
The reason of my affermation is that a person may not , in the actual society , know only a specific subject , because our job employment may change in the future .
Infact our society is more flexible than in past , and then we must to be prepared for all this chenged .

In other , I think that is interesting have a general culture .
For example we should know sometimes about history or science , about maths or philosophy .
Of course we can not know all in absolute .
It is impossible !

A general knowleadge may be theach in some kind of school , or by studing at home for ourselves .
In other , i think that we can learn more of general subject by talking whit other person who are more informed about a specific subject .

However , is not wrong to be specialize on a subject .
Infact many job have need a specific knowleadge , as the professor or the engigneer .
To project a machin do n't need to know latin !
This is my case because I study electronic engignering and my future employ will be about the only project , who do n't require other knowleadge .
In other , personally I think that is very interesting know all the paticoular of somethink .
Without this way to think , in the past it was posible invent very complicated and sofisticated machine .

Finally , my general idea about the statements is that we should learn ( at school , at home , with friends ) the more possible about all subject , but is important , in many case , have a specific knowleadge only about one .
I am agree with this statement .

People will use Traffic transortation such as train or bus or dike or go on foot instead of cars as possible as they can .

I have two reasons .

First one is caused environmental issue .
Now , environmental issue caused cars such as global warming is really serious .
People have already knew it .
Gradually , each person will have to having responsibility .
People will think the issue more seriously .
And people will not use cars a lot .

Second one is the price of gasolin .
The price will raise .

That is why I agree with the statement .
I disagree with this statement .

In my opinion young people do enough for there communities .
There are many jobs in the communities , which are not really paid , an dwhich are done from young people , for example streetworkers or some people who work in youthclubs , they do a lot of work for kids , which do not know how to spend the time they have .

I do n't know much older people with an age higher that twenty-five .
They also help the communities with young criminals , which think they have no future and their life is to steal or to beat some one , to get some money .
This is important work also for the communities and of course the police , who has to follow communities opinion by having it a save area , the streetworker also help as a big part of the system .

There are also many other things were young people help , for exsample orchestra 's , they play music without getting money , but the whole communitie has its part of it , happy people and street festivals .
What about emergency , there are a lot of young people helping every weekend and although the whole week , without getting the same money like emergencies employed by the communities get - this would be much to expensive .

Take an sportevent , its not able to make it a good one if you do n't have people outside the communities , who help you , the most of helping hands are younger people , many are sportsmen or woman themselfs , so they like to help wherever they can .

May be theres are reason that people say young people do n't do enough , its right there are some parts where young people not give there time to help , but often this are area where older people say that younger people are n't able to , so the younger people are a little bit pissed off and think that the older ones can make this projects or something like this alone .
In my university students can specialize or not in one specific subject and I agree with this freedom which we have .
Personally I think is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
We are living in the era of computers in which every day we can resolve many problems whith a `` click '' on our desktop and in which we can find many specifical informations in the world wide web .

Therfore the knowledge is more next to the people than in the last historical periods .
If a person specializes in one specific subject , he will to know only the argument of this specific subject .
Therfore this person has a limited knowledge respect all arguments which occur in the our arena of life .
Thus I agree with the statement and against a specialize knowledge .
There are also an other reason because I agree a wide knowledge and it is that a person with broad knowledge can find work more easy than a person with a specific knowledge beacause he have much possilibities having more fields of knowledge .

In may opinion is right which people do that they wont but is better for all to have a broad knowledge .
In some cases , it is said that understanding ideas and concepts is very important than to learn facts .
I strongly disagree with the statement for following reasons :

Firt of all , in many times the student understands ideas and concepts of a subject but he or she can not apply this information to the real life .

For example , in law faculty a student learn about a lot of ideas or concepts .
He or she read many books about the law .
Then he or she began to think '' I read the many books and learn their concepts and ideas .

But whenever he or she graduate the university and come across the real facts he or she realize that there are differences between teorical information and implementation .

Secondly , if they are in the real life it will be very easy and quickly to learn something than understand adeas and concepts only .

For example , before being a lawyer , in the school because they do n't join the case they amazed when they attend the case .
I think that is better to specialize in one specific subject for to have a specific preparation in the field that is the most important for our .
In my opinion the first important point of this choise it is certanly the capacity that a worker must have to arrive in the top of job field .
The specialize in one specific field of the job it is an the most important ability to work because for example througth this the worker can ask much money , he can have a job that it is similar at your study , he can ask the job near to the home and also he can fell more lucky to live .

Another specific reason of my choise it is my personal experience because I am a specialize worker in the electronic field and this specialization I has help my to have a job very good with a sale height .

In the end I want describe the advantages also the other point of view .
As a metter of fact to have broad knoledge of many academic subjects it can help to have a big vision of world but I think that it is better to know one thing instead of many things but sommarays mode .
A geat challenge in a person 's life span is his abbility to change to a better life where life is all about change .
For example , the time is change .
Having a happy life means when you move side by side with life nature which is enhancing your life for the current circumtances .
With no dupt , people who put this challenge into there life are successful that is trying new methods in there life .

However , moving from what you know towerd to something else you are the first time to experince during the changing process is not a clear or easy task .
Ofcoures , there will be some risks the person has to go through them to build up his experince .

Doing what you know means utilizing you experince you gained for years and you will maintain this knowledge with no further improvemets will not move you to the next level in you career .
On the other hand , trying new things will expand your responseblity where will come up with a geat power at your job .

For example , companies , now days , tries to utilize the information technology and moves from baber worke to a computer database .
This implies the staff to learn
I agree with the topic that it is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
students should learn the concept of any subject so that he can use that concept to impliment in practical point of view .
for example if student has a concept on something he can use that concept for many applications in that subject .

learning facts is also very important for the students because he can understand things with that facts .
But understanding ideas and concepts is very important for the student than learning the facts .

learning the concepts is not constant for students but learning the facts is constant for a student .

The reasons that it is important for the students to understand ideas and concept is by knowing that the concept he can use these concepts for many things in that subject .
student may forget the facts but once he learns the concept he will not forget for ever .
learning concept is very important for a student .

leaning concepts for the students plays the vital role for his career than learning the facts .
once student gets the concept or idea on the subject he will use that concept for many depending applications .

Finally i agree with the following statement the it is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn the facts .
I agree the statement `` it is more important for students to undestand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn fact '' We can see those situation eveywhere all the time .
For example .
When you start it new job , you do n't know anything abuout this job .
So even you get new stuff which you have to do , you cannot do it and might get confused .
so the people who work there longer than you , teach you how to do you r stuff .
However , if he / she teach you just the fact , you will be ok at the time .
but you might be get confused next time .
Because you do n't understand the basecly work which is idea and cpncept .

This kind of situation will be at school also .
For example the boys girls who just start to go school and if they have first math class .
of course they do not any skill Math .
But , if the teacher gives them question about 2/3 + 3/2 , the students can not understand it .
Because they do not any basic math skill .

in conclusion , it is more important for students to understand idea and concepts than it is for them t
There are alot of way to advertisment the products for example the company can do it in TV , newspeaper and radio these are the most important mediea in this time .
The most imporatant qusation is it is really the product look the same on TV or in news peaper or in the radio .
I think some ads show the product for people oppisite of what they are for two reasons first they shoe all good stuuf in the product and they dont mention the bad things and secound some times they used some lies to sell their products .

In the most ads the dont mention the bad things in the product they just show to the people how is it in a good way .
Some of the statistic said that in 2002 there was alot of ads that show to the people the good things in the product and they forgot or they dont mention about the bad things and the descovered that the bad things in the product are more than the good things .

Some of the ads use some lies so they can sell thier products for example they ask some people in the street about the product which is they are trying to sell and they but this conversation in the ads and before the make the conversation they deal with the person who is going to speak about the product or mabye this person working to the company .
Also we dont have to forget the people and how the ads effected them and who they have to dominate thier mind about thinking more than one time pefore they take thier disagion .
So some times they used some tricks so they can sell thier products in TV .

The people who watch the TV alot some times they watch the ad and say it might be a good product .
They started to ordered after the ad dirictlly and they dont asked about the company if it is famous or not and some of them beileve all the ads even if someone said to them this ad makes the product seem much better than they really are .
Indeed some of the products seem much beteer than the really are by showing the good things in the product and ignor the bad things and they are using some lies to help them so they can sell thier products .
What are you going to do if you won the lotery ?
most people have fantesy world in their maind and every body has own idea of live .
Some of them will go in vecation for the rest of live other will be egar to do more and try to make new goal .
For me I would like to countenu working and trying new things because to be more successful in my life Three reasons First , good experience is the most important point ever time we look for a new job .
That makes it the most important point to try new thing even if we think we will make mistake .
I believe that we all learn more from mistake than other .

Second , every things start with firest time .
For example , to like new food we have to try it first .
Trying a new thing is the key for us to like new job or carrer .

Third , most of successful people live in many plases before they start to work in this case they make their live more easy .
make our live more exsited and enterasted by trying new thing .

In conculsion , success needs more than doing one thing good .
For me I like to try new things to get new experince , .
I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
First , with the big developmemt of the technology traveling will be easier than tose days .
Actually with planes , trains , and cars people can be in their countries at the time they want .
So if we return for twenty years ago we 'll see how the people were travel in the past .
There were n't cars or trains so they took days and months in traveling , For example , they used animals camels , horses and also donkeys .
But now they used cars and planes so they saw that the life became more better than before .
As we see , in the future people will try to make their traveling more easier than now .
I think that they will discover new machines which is faster than the car .
They 'll try to get their life more easy and comfort .
May be they will try new trains which connect the word together from west to the east .
In addition what will happen if thae cars fill all the streets in one city ?
it will cause many problems for examples polluiton on the air .

As aconclusion , in my opinion in the future there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
From the this question i would say , i strongly agree about most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
theseday we can see advertising everywhere .
so we can have effect by advertising but most products advertisements lie to us

First , advertiser want to sell product so they lie to us .
most products seem really nice in the advertising .
but It 's not .
because advertiser want to sell thier products so they make products seem much better in the advertisements .
for example , fewdays ago i bought bulejean .
i saw advertising from TV and jeans color is really nice .
so i bought jean use the internet .
but when i got a jean , color is different .
they lie to me .

second , advertiser get a money from the producter .
so advertiser make famous advertisements in addition advertiser should lie to people because to sell products .
and If product sell very much , his advertising will be famous .

finally , from the this reason first , advertiser want to sell product so they lie to us , second , advertiser get a money from the producter .
so
I agree with most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I think that most advertisments should make products seem much better than they really are .
Becouse it is very important thing to our world .
If most advertisments never make product seem much better than they really are , our world never develop , and if most advertisements have never made products seem much better than they really are , there is not living now .
it is important that we think make products seem much better than we really are , and if it which we think new products is very poor thing , we never give up .
As past human was doing like this , we can do convenient living now .
so do not be afraid of making products seem much better than we really are .

In conclusion , we should have mind to change now. , so at first most advertisements should make products seem much better than they really are .
Actautelly , life has two greate phases ; young and adult .

All the stages of life has great importance and value .
Being young is sometime advantages but not always .

Every periodes of life has their own advantages and disadvantages .
Young people have their phsical superiority .
They are healty , energic , social , attractve but they are at bottom of life .
They have to learn and earn their life before they enjoy .
The could do everything whatever they want if they have enogh money and time .

Older people have much more experience about life than younger have .
They know lots of think about life .

The distinctive factor between young and adult is time ,

Generally , young people does n't have enough money to enjoy but only capacity .
For older , they have enough power but not health .
That is a closed circle .

No matter , being young or adult , try to enjoy your life .
which kind of cars we will use ?
todaty cars are considerate like a status symbol of the last century , so I agree that in twenty years we will be full of car than today .
In my opinion the car will cost less than today , so every family will have a car each person .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It is because advertisements are always things that for seems very much better , and increase value and sell .
However , I think it is not so bad because advertisements has to be better than real products .
If advertisement of products seems not so attractive , people would not buy them .
Besides , if advertisments were not much better than real products , the costomer of products 's social would begin to complaning .
then advertiser would lost his or her job .

For example , Sample food .
It makes of just prastics , but it is so attractive for costomers .
However , I have never seen that someone clame to restaurants .
It is because people understand Sample food seems better than real food .

For these reasons , I agree that most advertisement make pro
We are living in a consumistic and individualistic century .
That statement is the point from where i think we have to start to reflect about this topic .
People are more interested in their success and in their own world rather then in a social and environment problems .
In my opinion , If the coscience of the humanity is not going to change immediatly we will arrive soon to a really dramatic increase of cars number .
I sayed `` dramatic '' because the consequence of this increase would be , of couse , an increase of pollutions in the air and the major risk of hilness for all the eco-system .
In a few thousands of years we could arrive to destroy all the eco-system and to end life in our world .
This does n't seem scared too much people today because they are too egoistic and in thouch only with their own personal problem .

As a futur designer i wish was possible a change of beahviorurs 's direction .
I 'm really intersting in sustainability and i will be focused in my futur work to project eco-products in respect of the environment where we live .
In particular i think electric cars design should be improved and take more in consideration .
It 's important perhaps think about how a designer can grabb the attention of the consumer on a sustainability problem .
We have to organize some publicity compaigns to make the consumer more conscious about the problem .
I think there is a tiny possiblity the world and the people who lives in this world are going to change .
And is for this tiny possiblity that i 'm going to work as , i hope , a succesful designer .

In italy we say : `` hope is the last emotion to die '' .
I
I agree with the following statement because the new things are most attractive .
I prefer try new things , for example , for the purchase of a personal computer , I choose more new .
This because I want the new tecnology about my need .
Many people talk about the success becuase it is very important our life .
Most of people hope to be successful people , and they try to do what they already know how to do well .
However , I disagree with this opinion .
There are several reasons .

Getting the successful is very hard because many people already effort to find the good part of successful .
If some guy wants to result the best , he would find new field .
For example , my grandfather has big computer company .
When he was so young , he really hope to get a lof of money and be the high statues people .
He tried to work field of computer 30 years ago .
Many people said to him that computer business had high risk and unfamilier that times .
But , he eventually get the success through the stroung spirits .

According to the Korea Times , liking the take the risk people have more high social statues than the other people .
Tend to enjoy the adventure and try some new thing personalities are the successful option in the modern global society .

In conclusion , I agree that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I agree that beeter to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

I have a few reason .
First .
broad knowledge is making society association soft because people likes who know about many subject and is possible havingdiversity friend

Second , broad knowledge is making affluence our life

Third , To know variety section is able attention to smart

In conclusion , I support that advantage to have variety knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject
As society becomes complicated , the transportation has become huge influence in our lives .
therefore , I agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be less cars in use than there are now .
Automobiles have many negative impact on our lives .
In the future there will be better transportation that does have lot of positive impact on people .
First of all , the car causes many accidents which leads people die .
by increasing number of cars there are more accidents occuring every year .
it is very dangerous Secondly , the automobile ruins our enviroments by giving out bad components from the vehicle .
it destroys air , trees , and also human body .
Lastly , if there are constant increase in number of cars then there will be decrease in oils .
since there are lack of oils and increasing price of oils soon there will be less oil produced .

As a result , the transportation is very important in our lives .
however , we need use it right way .
in the future , there will be much better transportation arrived for better life .
Advertisments are helped the products to sell and advertisers trying to make a spical advertisment to their products .
I 'm agree with this state `` Most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are. '' advertisers are using some materels in thier advertisment to buy attintion from the audions .

advertisment is the way to make the give succesful products .
some advertisres use the advertisment because thier products are in the stores .
No one buy it even if it is good or bad products .
For that they make the advertisment to this products .

some companies are used some popular people in thier advertisments to make a nice influnce in the costomers from thier products .
For example , if Britny make advertisment for Coca Cola company , 90 % pf people will buy Coca Cola instade of Pepesi .

The advertisment let the poeple to buy the products without knowing what does it have .
For example , When I was young , I saw the advertisments about smoking .
after a time , I started smoking a ciggret becuase the ciggret advertisment and I still somke until now .
The point here is we buy some products without knowing what does it have .

In the conclution , avdvertisment is the way to succesed our broducts .
The problem is the advertisments make the products seem better than they really are .
we have to buy with our brain not with our felling .
I completely disagree with the statement that state : `` Successful poeple try new things and take risks rathen then only doing what they already know how to do well '' , because the criteria to be successful person doesnt depend only in doing new things that no one did before .

In opinion , that doing ordinary thing is better for many reasons .
Firstly it more safety , for example , trying to fix electrical equipment even if its very simple , will be dangaer if there no enough information how to fix it .

Second reason is saving money , for instance if you trying to take risk of something not ordinary such as throw yourself from high building to small swimming pool , may leads to break some of your bones and get ingured , if the risk did'nt be seccesful , so you will spend the money in vesiting hospitals and doctors .

Other reason for holding is opinion , that is waste of time , so trying to do something thet you know it very well will reduce the time to trying do something no one did before .

Although some poeple argued that doing some thing new is criterial of successful person , for example , discovery of useful and good invention is successful , such as invention of light by Adison .
However , Nobel invent the bomb , but i cannot consider him as successful person because he invent awful thing

In sum , in my view the successful person who do successful work , even if the work is well known .
I believe that it is better to have wide knowledge of many academic subjects than to one specific subjects .
The reason is , narrow knowledge is very unuseful .
For example , when I am a student studying about only one academic subject , and if I must change the theme of study , I will in trouble and at a loss .
Because in the situation , I must study other subjects from very basic parts .
But if I have widespread knowledge about other subjects , I will change my theme easily .

But studying broad subjects is giving up to gain profound knowledge in the same time .
One subject taker can spend his time for the subject only , therefore it makes him a professional of the subject .
On the other hand , many subject taker must spend his time for each subject .
So , wide subject taker may have just sharrow knowledge about each subject .
This is the wrong point of studying many subject .
But , I think , there is no reasons to have profound knowledge .
Because profound knowledge is useless in the social life .
Example , while I am working , I use no deep academic knowledge .
Deep academic knowledge makes no money .
I agree that Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It is because Young people is great energy and power .
It is main reason .
And young people is not know anything yet .
So young people try to do everything which someone want to and experience everything .
I think it is so wonderful .
While older people is to weak psysically .
If I got sickness , I would lose hope to live .
But I want to enjoy life when I older .
If I was asked `` there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years '' , I would answer I do n't think so .
There are two reasons in my opinions .

First , some people use cars , while others use trains and buses , but both transportations are very busy in the morning .
So Seeing from nowadays situations , to dicrease using cars will lead to a serious problem .
For example , we ca n't get on the train which we want to get on because of busy and full , we are late to be the going place because of train 's late running .
Therefore I do n't think there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years since if there are fewer cars in use , public transportation ca n't work .

Second , since many people love to drive a car including me , I 'm sure that cars in use will not dicrease .
Moreover such as people do n't like useing busy trains .
They prefer driving a car to using another transportations .

Lastly , cars companies sill develop car 's model , cost and now they tried to make new kinds of cars like economy car .
So I beilieve cars in use are increasing .
Yes , I agree .
But I do n't know what will happen in twenty years ..
Now we have been live in a modern world , its exciting .
sure , it is changing our life .
for example , twenty years ago , It is impossible to know what is PS2 and xBox for us .
so `` in twenty there will be fewer cars in use than ther are today '' the question we do n't know .
its fantasy ..
we can
The issue of ` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject ' is complex and contreversial .
The two ideas are important but job , age or health makes this subject different .
But the multicultural aspects and a large panel of skills seem to be better .

An artist , a dancer or a musician who has only one capacity or job , depends with his amount of luck during all his life .
He can break his ankle or his knee each second .
Furthermore , it is very difficult to change job after a long time of praticing one specific activity .

A student have to learn many academic subjects to discover his life goal .
Sciences , litterature , sport have to be explored before choosing the activity which will allow him to have a job .
Companies are looking for people who are well educated , curious and open minded .

The informations above explain why it should be better to have a large panel of academic subjects .
Specialization in one specific subject can be an interesting way when we start to discover the hobby .
In my opinion , all people have different ideas , on the other hand , only they know that .
I agree successful people try new things , because this life is rarely advantage .
Althouth , some people are disagree with her actitud .

Firth that each person have responsability for her life , if take risks rayher than only doing what they know to do well .
Any family or friend doing for their .

Second , actually the fashions is one problems for the people like to start to this .
because they like .
Finally , a consecuens of all things is some people do not have personality , no feel security , only wants imitations .
On the other hand , I tray to stady for identificate , my personality and leard each experiece whith other people .
I glad to write this
I agree with the most advertisements ( ad ) make products seem much better that they really are .
There is two resons such that ad 's pictuers or TV comashales are not same as real products , and ad have to show that the products are looking nice .

The first of all , most ad are over acting because ad 's pictuers are very butifule and look nice .
For example , some buger chane restrant give us the ad on TV .
In the TV , the bugers are very big and fresh , but real one is not look a like ad 's .
Also , car ad is as well as the burger ad because the car run in the mountan for faster but in the real life , nomal car can not do that .
So ads are shown much better that real one by creaters .

The next , ad have to show the products that are looking nice , so ads are made much better than real ones .
The ad have to grab or cach people 's interest , so ads are made nicer than real .
For example , if a restlant give an ad to people , they make some foods pictuers .
the pictuers are have to look nice .
The picters can not smell so creater make some trick to look smell good .
Pople look the pictuer .
they think the restlant make such nice food and then they would go .
So the ad is made nicer than real one because it have to look nice .

Most ads are made much better than real once becasue ad 's and real product are not same because for example , the humbirger is not looking same as ad 's .
and the other reson is that the ads have to look nice becaseu of advrtisements .
the ad have to foock the people as many as they can .
Therefor ads ' products and real one are not same .
I am agree with this statement and there are several reasons in my opinion ;

First , young people thinks differently than older because they do n't have the same way of thinking .
Young people are not self consencious , they often prefer playing instead of work at school ...
They do n't have the same p More they often do n't have responsability like work to win money and to live in good conditions , keep their children ...
That 's why

Then , young people are not responsable yet , contrary to their parents for exemple .
Generally they do n't have children .
So they often go in the club , go to the party with friends ...

But we can say the contrary because sometimes , older people are enjoying life more than younger .
For exemple , when they finished to work , they often decide to make a trip , travel , do their garden , cooking ...
They profite to realize some hobbies .
Because they won money during her life
I agree with everybody like the peace .
Because to live good life and good streets .
If we see a lot of people have trouble , we will have a lot of problem come from them .
We can not pervente the storm because it imposseple .
Depand on your religion and your thinking you can know who could pervinte the storm .
No body knew about the storm before it come because of it is impossipole to known about it .
We should clean up all the woods fell down because the cleanetion is importante in this country which is America .
I think Americans are very clean .
They bay attintion for the notural and them life .
They always work very hard .
They are the people you should do like that they do .
America wich is the freedom country .
America has fifty one states for example they have New York state and Pelselvainia and a lot of states I don not remember them .
If I can travel to another country .
I will choose France and I will go to Parise .
Soure I would like to travel with somebody from my country because they will know my costome and my culture .
Because of that the groups will be better for you .
When I came here to America , I came with my friends .
And we choosen this time because to coopration between each other .
We helped each other in the air port .
I will never go to any country with my self I mean I do not go with any body .
Because you may need help or any thing eals someone should be with you in the black days .
I like the greren hause because it same the color in yard .
also I like the blue color because the blue color we see in ther sea .
all colors are buitiff
I disagree to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are several reasons .
First , I want to many free time to travel , but tour is not enough to take free time .
Usuraly , go to somewhere together group members .
I cannot free walk and look interested in something .

Secound , I like go to unknown place .
So , I want to way of meself look for new place , foods , hotel , and any more .
Finally , I think maybe no guide to travel is occur to something trables , but these trables later good memoris .
Memory is important to travel .
There are my opinion that is not to the best way to travel together a tour guide .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they can already know ow to do well because if people try to new things , we could not meet investment in the world .

First is investor .
Second is business man .
These people are always trying to new things and having high risk .
First , Successful people , like a Thomas Edison , brother of Right , always try to make new things .
At that time , the around people thought Edison is crazy .
If he worked in college , he was respected from people but he will pass usual life .
However , in the fact he tried to new things , so he is very famous person now .
He had lot of fails .
The number is five thousands .
He always struggle from debt , fail , and time. , but he did n't give up .
So , now he was succeed .

Second , successful business men are always trying .
For example , Bill Gate , who is the richest business man , tried to new things .
Few years ago , he donated lot of computer for school .
It took a lot of cost .
But he had plan .
It is not only philansophy but also business because if children use school 's computer .
They want to use same style computer in the future .
So , he focused this point .
It 's new attempt .
After all , he donated lot of money , but he become thr richest man in the world this year .
He still continue trying .

In conclusion , always success need to try new things and take high risk .
Young people nowday do not give enough time to helping their communities .
In my opinion , I certainly do not agree with this question .
Nowdays , many young people would like to spends time with their own will .
However , it does not mean they do not give enough time to helping their communities , just their own will comes first and it is more important than helping their communities to young people .
However , there are many kinds of communities such as their interests , friends , even theri families would be count as one of the communities .
Although , families are one of their communities , i still believe that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their `` communities '' .
The reason why I think young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , even though it is their family , is the time they live .
Nowdays , young people are able to have fun with many things such as playing video games , having a party , and going to an amusement park .
Young people can do anything they want to do without communities .

However , if they spend time to helping their communities , they still have some time to have fun the way they want to , but it is not what they want .
They want to have their own time , not with the communities .
I disagree with that statement that say `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
Because every year the technology are developing and help to change all te things in better so the car is one from many things its will be change and develop by technoloy .
So every person want to use the car to o to his jop or to make shopping or to take is familly in vication .
we cant alive without the car in twenty years or hundered because the life will be difficult and the car make every thing easy .
Espeacially for parents , teacher and student because not every one can use atrain in close places .
The old an cant use the bike .
All the people are different from each to other in power or the way they thinking and behavior for all this we cant live next year comming without cars .
We can use many different things to move but the car is good things to every one can use it .
I see it will be imposile to use aplan or a train in our city or country so the mind say use the car .
every one can use his car alone in any time to any place that he want in easy and he choise the pest fo him an select the coulor that he want with agood technology .
there is many price to buy for bore or for rich people .
Yes , i agree with the statement '' successful people always try new things and take risks , becouse they will get experiance , money and confident

successful people will gain some experince form past work , so it will help in there new things to get success .
They will easily succed in that work .

They feel bore doing same work , To break the monotony they will try new things .
they will take risk

With the success of past one they will get self - confident .
Confident will clear the way to the success .

Successful peploe have also get money form past success .
with that money thay will do new things , these new things will aslo devlops there knowledge .

Finally , form the above points i can say the successful persons will try new things
Young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

The reason why I said that is obvious .
Because nowday we see yong people are interested or we can say beasy with other selly things rather than helping their community with things can be usefull to them or to others in the future .
They spent most of their time in front of the TV watching some movie or watching a video clip for some stupid singer , if not then you can see them lestinning to the music all day long or playing video games with their friends like they never want to grow up .
By any chance if they get fed up with all these stuffs , they continue their day by playing some kind of a game football or basketball or volly ball or any other game they figure .
After they finish with all these game and eventually they want to behave like adults or grown up people , they go and date thier girlfriends and take them to fancy restaurants .

During the weekend they go swimmming or climbing or shopping or to do some other things .
what I dont understand why dont try to make some time to help their communities .

As I always say build your community if you want to build your self .
I think we should encorage young people to serve the community by putting some plans to create the love of their community inside them .
i agree becous if they learn facts they will learn the idea in the fact onley and no idea elss .
bat if they learn an idea they will learn alots and lots of thengs that related to the idea becous it is not limted in one thing like the fact so you can the see the defrens betwen the tow thing and what i toked abote the ideas it gose the same on the concepts .
even so we cant deny the important to students to learn fact .
bat like i saed understand ideas and concepts are far more important than learn jast facts .
students may doas not anderstand facts very will antell they ander stand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
It is important for students to learn the facts .
There is many facts you have to learn as is , for example the Earth is in a ruon shape , but we do n't know why .
That is in particular sceince like geography it is important to know the exact facts .
But in ather types of scienses , it is more important to understand the idea .

In medicine it is important to learn the fact , but it is mor important to understand the idea .
for example students learn a bout the flue and it is very important for them how the flue is hapening .
Understanding the idea will able them to curre the disease .

O .
B doctor has to under stand how the baby is coming down , and he or she has to understand how the complication is hapening , to help the baby and the mother to survive .
In medicine it is very important issue to understand the idea to survive the soles .

In Chemistry it is very important to understand the reaction of tha subjects .
that is wouled help helpo pharmasist to do good job .
Understanding the idea wouled help to do better job and better socaiety .
And strong nation .
With very
The question being given is whether i accept that fewer cars only be used after twenty years than we use now .
I disagree with statement .

The reasons I would like to mention is tecnology is growing day by day people expect changes in all their fields

Tecnhnology advancement had made many canges with people .
Normally people wants see everything new in their life they do n't do tgo with their routine work in life .
If a person has a scorpio car then he/she will aim for a benze car if they have a benze car they prefer a car which has more advantages than a benze car .
Human expectations has no satisfaction limit .

Secondly car is more comfortable compared with any other mode of transportation .
It provides more comfort .
For example a bike ride is not as comort when compared with a car it cause pain to shoulders

Car travelling is the one among the easier mode of transpotation For example , for our daily life we cannot depend a train or flight to travel .
With cars we can also have more convinent features we can also listen music by playing audio in our car it makes our drive more interesting .

Car is one among the fastest mode of land tranpotration it more convinient for all types of people for example , it takes less time to reach our destination with a car when compared to train

Finally , I prefer car because it is more comfortable and luxurious it

In conclusion , I have shown the reasons to disagree with the statement .
The travel is in a group led by atour guideThat is good thing .
For many people and i , one of them it is good .
In my opinin i have many reason to travel is in groupe by the atour guide .

One of these reason it if i travel with many people that means many different iead to visit diffrenet places .
Scond reason it is if i go with group we need somebody to explaine for us about new things which we can see it .
Many times different opinin between people make big problem .
So for nice trip wondrful trit we need leader .
forexample , last summer i went to visit old city in my country .
This city had long hoistry .
It is amazing city .
I and my friend desaid to get atour guide and it was perfect ieada .
We go to visit all the old plaeces and we got alot of information about this city .
this city called Alall .
The atour guide who went with us is very friendly person .
He showed us many interesting thins .
He helped us to understand what the big pictrue about Alall .

We can consider the lost or the fread from the lost strong reason to get atour guide .
He can make the trip easy and more save .
More save because he know more than the visitores about the pleace .

I think the atour guide help people to make good plan for the trip .
The people can take good experarince from him about the places or about the people .
The smart atour guide can make all the people with him remmber her when the tripe finshe .
Many people think this job easy but it is not .
It need profisional people .
I definetly agree with this statement .
Most advertisement make products seem much bette than they really are .

People who do those advetisement , just do their job , in fact they must make the product seem far better than it 's , becquse of the concurence .
Indeed , now in our society , firms has to be the best , whatever the way they to be .
There to much choice whatever is the product you wnt to buy , for instance , there very big of shampoo , when you go to the super maket you can even not know what to buy .
And then advertisement has a very importante role .

An adevrtisement have to show that thr product that it 's presenting is the best one , and that you really need that one particulary .

Besides , people are very influencable by that , and that normal , if you don ' like an advertisement , you would not buy the product , because you will think it 's a bad one , even though in reality it 's much better than you think .

Well according to my own experience , advertisement really make products seem bettre , for example juste last week , I was about to buy a new perfum , I was thinking that it was good , and the bottle was very cute , and it was a very famous perfum , but in spite of all , wanted to taste , so I did , and it was simply a catastrophe .

What we should remerber , it 's that the advertisement is just business , it 's people who wants to make money , and as a result they do their best to present their products on the best way .
In conclusion , you should always taste before to believe .
I agree this statement .
I want to study about business so i interested in CEO story.l like read about success people 's book .
Today , I want to write example about lee 's essay When I was young I read about Mr.lee 's essay .
Do you know lee gun hee ?
He is boss of the samsung and he is korean .
samsung make all kinds of eletronic stuff .
When he was youth , he lives rural his father was famer .
And he was very poor .
He decieded to success .
so he get out of his house on teenager .
it 's very surprised try .
And he goes to the capital seoul and he got the all kinds of job .
finally , he got the job about eletronics .
Few years later he knows how to make money , so he going out his work .
He made his company .
He tried to make all kinds of eletronics .
At that time , computer was not popular on the world .
But lee thought computer will be most impertant thing on people 's life .
lot of people said it 's not impossible but now samsung is one of the best company of the compuer .
when I read that essay i thought if successful people I have to try new things .

second , when I live in korea I enjoy the watching television .
I going to introduce famous televison programs in korea .
The name of the show is how to sucessful on my business .
That tv show has voleenter who wants to success on their business .
And that show found well known and famous their part .
such as restaruant .
And voleenter leared special skills from sucessful people .
Every person who success on their job they have their skills .
They exprienced to fail so they tried to new thing .
Can ; t
Human changes from decade to another .
Their technology get improved , and also their birth grow more than before .
The population in this time will be differ than the comming one .

In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , since the population is increasing , and that will cause a lot of traffic problems such as crowded street , and the way of transportation .
We can solve this problem by using trains and planes more than cars .
In the other hand , people will not buy cars more if they face a lot of trafic crowd .
While the population is increasing , I think there will be a new laws , and restriction of using cars .
Also , the tax will increase on the people who have more than enough of cars in their home .

People will go smoothly for the trains and planes for their transporations .
This will reduce the crowd , and they can arrive quickly without facing any troubles .
Also , the development of the technology will increase , and the people will go to the technology and they will not take care of the cars .

According to my writing , I agree with this statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
The live is in progress and will never stop , and it will come complicated .
Travel in a group led by a tour guide is the best way I think .
Now , there are many travel group , they can led your travel to everywhere .

After a long time work , you must be very tired .
Now , you can have a rest , find a travel group to somewhere you want go .
During the travel , the guide can tell you mang thing about the place where you go .
You can know many interesting things .

In the group , you can make many friend from everywhere ( maybe you can make a girl friend ! ) .
During this trip , you cannot feel unhappy .

You can make many photo where you see .
Remain the beautiful sences .
In the future , you can take it out and think what interesting things happened at that time .

In a word , I like travel in a group led by a tour guide .
You do not worried about where I travel , where is interesting .
I can play without any
All of things which is realeted with the studends can changes person an person .
Their abilities , capabilities ; understanding skills time ...
For example , Let 's talk about the ideas which is important to understand it or it is for them to learn facts which one is suitable for the studends .
Is the first one or second ?
One of them suitable for the studens an we chose it ...

Firstifull , I think understanding ideas not only studends but also all of the people is really important .
If he/she dont understand for example one of the idea or passage how can the studends commend it .
How can describes focuces of the what he/she heard .
i mean it is really important point expecially on students .
In addition understanding ideas can occur after such as a good listening or consantrated on the topic .
The students will be more succesful after that .

Overall all of the things which I mentioned important for the student who wants to be succesfull .
however , learning facts can be really difficult to desciribe which he/or she focused on it .
The student can mix what thinking .
Umittedly , I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I would like to suppose this opinion by two reasons .
I think that the biggest reason is devised environment compared with past .
Internet is the typical examle .
By using internet , we can gain a great number of information whatever we want .
Therefore we enjoy our habit and our life .
Unforturntly , almost older people can not use internet , in spite of benefit of internet .

I n my opinion , the massmedium is the another reason .
Generally , almost people spend a lot of time in front of television every day .
Not only television , many massmediums better show us to some kinds of entertainments than encourage the needs of working hard .

When we wacth TV , natu Some one may not agree to this suppost .
But it is ture that we are being affected from televison , even though we are not realized .

For these reasons , I suppose
It is sure that many young people like to spend time for themselves .
They try to find something interesting and valuable things which sometimes good for both themselves and their comunities .
My major in university includes studies helping people in the comunity who came from other countries .
I knew many students are interestead in these studies there .
So I do not thin
i think most people think that the most important is a learning .
Thus , i disagree with this statement that it is more important for stduents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts beacuse students need to know about the facts .
Moreover , if studnets know the facts , they can have higher quility conversation .

First of all , students have to know about the facts because they are an idividuals in the world .
For example , i have read a news about a girl .
One day , she walked to home .
She felf that someone was following her .
she was afraid of it .
She wish the other man lived same apartment .
A man kept following her and the other man also was following her .
When she arrived at home , she had to take an elevator .
the man who walked with her , he also took same elevator and got off same floor .
He talked to her that there were a man who is murderer so i followed you .
This happen was really serious .
Moreover , after she got this experiecne , she realized that the facts is so difficult .

In addition , if students learn facts , they can talk to adult about it .
For example , i always talk to my father about society .
My father also tell me many things about it .
Thus , when i talk to another older people , i can talk to them very easily .

In conclusion , i strongly believe that it is the most important for students to learn facts becuase they can have experiences and when we talke to people , opposition people think that we are smart .
Some people agree with broading knowledge of many academic subjects .
It is true that it has advantages .
By broading knowlege acadmic subjects , one can rcognize and choose what subject one want to learn most and one can understand the expand of academic area also .
But I think if one is a student , he already has decide what he want to learn before taking many academic subjects .
Therefore I strongly agree with the thought to specialize in one subject .

I have two reason to support my opinion .
The one is that in business they need people who specialized in one subject .
For example , in Japan , for last fifteen years , they had needed a generalist who were able to do everything not so bad in the office .
But he were not able to do one thing better than anyone .
Genaralists were able to do everything but they did not have charactaristic abilities .
So Japan cannot catch up with United States in the financial business matter yet .
In addition , a generalist may be replaced to someone whose payment is cheeper than his , because there is no reason he is the person who is need for the position in the company .

The other is that unless one consentrate on one subject , he cannot understand the interesting of the subject .
Once one specialized one thing , he can proud of himself and this extends his intrest in other subjects .
Moreover , he can understand how much
In many country their are many combanies of advertsment combete .
The compettion incrased and get more and more .
the scpoe of their competion is money .
Theos companies compete to the famous product such as PEPSI or CoLa .
They try to make some products more that what it is , and discraibe it as mignfcient .

Companies of advertisemnet offer the prodect as bigger than what its size .
Some of them exaggerate and make some product is batter than other prodect .
In may country , many companies advertise thire prodect and try to attract the veiwers and makes them buy the brand .
There are some company give the good discrabtion about theae brand .
Also , respect the veiwer mentel .
For example , they do n't exaggerate and t
most advertisements make products seem much better then they really are .
I belive that advertisements make products seem very agree .
because many products make many people .
my opnion very different products very acturlly important .
advertrtsements only your job think .
products make many people .
before in my korea my friend want adcertisements .
he want a lean manijr .
however my think very different .
i tall the sad produts make many people .
my friends thinking a intelligible .
and my friend hard many people describle .

and hi is very happy .
people alway think chose .
advertisements not products .
if i hart want my job products .
however i think my friend .
and first i stend familiar pleas .
many people see the me .
i want hope products .
and hard idea .
my country korea people allway think .
and second think most advertsements bad sometimes think .
because money is very expence .
and thinking sometime money chose
the cars today are very spread around the world like the most common way to move people from one point to another .
I think and I hope that between twenty years the way to move evolving toward intelligent solution such as rinnovable energy .
The cars generate pollution overall with consquence on the environment and the rosource are less than some yers ago the usefull of train , metro , tram could represent a solution to the problem of pollution and congestion but this type of vehicle must be more efficient than today .

Morover if people use the private vehicle only for themselves one person the traffic became very congestioned while a better use of car for example go to work o to school with one car for many people can improve ours life .

The rennovable energy such as sun and wind for cars reduced pollution or generate electricity .
there is less air and sound pollution , I have a car but i use it if necessary i prefer do moving with my legs to little distances .
The constuctor of cars work on new type of engine and space because the people understand this problems and try to buy car with this features .
The resource is good to future for me .
I disagree with the statement .
Because i think that , do something we are known is more easlier to handle .
Successful people have done something that he good at , and this thing make him successful .

Use Disney for example .
every years , they will have new cartoons to show us .
Many people all over the world must watch them .
Becaus Disney is good at creative cartoons .
These cartoon make Disney famous , successful and wonderful .
Disney also has their own Disneyland .
It is a famous story that everyone knows .
However , if Disney try to do something they have n't done before , such as they going to have a fashion store to selling some high fashion clothes .
I think it may be not working .
Becaus they are not good at creative fashion things , they ca n't use the same ways to creative fashion from creative cartoon .
May be they can success at the end .
But i have no idea about the date they can do it .
Before they are success in the fashion ares , they must lose many time and money .
People can not know about why Disney want to creative fashion .
Because all people just know their cartoon is fantastic .
No one will belive that they can do it at the beganning .
People will have some brands of fashion to buy clothes .
Becaus these brands are good at fashion .
They will not try to creative cartoon .

So , I think wherever sucessful people or noraml people .
They just want to do their best thing of what they good at .
The advertisement announces are invading the space of city , the radio , the TV etc .
Fot this reasons some people ca n't stand them , furthermore other people consider them as a type of `` art '' .

Those are simply personal opinions , but , the real problem is when the advertisements do n't say the truth .
It 's a great problem like all lies .
Some people think that is n't a problem and thay say that the person has a skill to decide a product indipendently on basis the only functionals of the product .
But I disegree this opinion because often the advertisement do n't speak about the only functionals of the product but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend by it .
In conclusion the advertisements must be controlled and they must speak about the product only with its real characteristics .
The students in the class room learn abaut ideas and concepts but is better for student learn facts , In my opinion is more important for students learn facts for many reasons : First learn facts is important because the students learn doing the things , because is more easy the students make and dont forget he or she did , for example do or paint a apple the students never forget the color and form the fruit .

Second the students need understand ideas and concepts but that is easy forget , for example the Teacher prepare yor team and explain this , and the students if not study or review then he or she forget .
In many cases the students is lazy and arrive the home and forget your books in the room and begin to play them forgot the lesson .

Third is important learn facts because them learn of your own experience .
For example if your theacher it 's theaching abaut the resources naturals is better go out the camping and see trees , animals , rivers etc. theaching the importance them the students do n't forget that experience .

The is necesary for students learn ideas and concepts but is better learn facts because is more easy remember that .
She or He learn doing and do n't forget never that , also learn of your own experience .
Risk equal to success .
Two type of people we can see in our life .
One of them who dont take risk and continue his or her boring life and other one is who get risk and has a not so balanced but intruduce success and lose in his or her life .

So many people like cilently life no risk , no fear , dont think so much tomorrow .
That type of people never get a success in their life .
Their succsess is only buy a new car or go holiday at abroad .

Succsess is encourage you make better .
I think that risk connect you to life more strongly cause of when you get risk that make you all the time awake and thinkful .
You should think not like other people you ought to see all apportunities what make your risk more successful .
You should read and research new things in the world .

At the end when you reach succsess again you feel your self more brave to try new things .
Because one time you get success and next time will why not ?
Than you start search again new things for try again .

I agree that successful people should try new things and take risk in order to reach new succsessions .
Nowadays is more difficult to find young people that give enought time to helping their communities because they have a lot of things to do .
For exemple , if a studend go to the university he will not have the time to spend for anything because he must study and he must do the homework and in particolary case he have to caught the train .

young people spend also a lot of time to do inusefull things like smoking and staying in a bar .
I can say with may experiences that there are a lot of young people that spend their time to helping their communities .
I usually go to hospital as volontian and I can see some gay like me .
There are different way to help the communities : it is possible to help some people that feel ill in a hospital but sometime you can not see that there are some people near you that need your help .
You can go to the church and give your contibution for the poor people and if you want you can prey for them .
Now I can say that is truth that some young people do not give their time for different motivation but I sure that also only one little help , like a sweety word is important to help someone .
You can not see a little thing but is very important .
In conclusion I hope that there are young people that help needly person in different ways .
I agree with that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Students should understand the ideas and concepts , so they can know the answer .
And if the students dind n't do that , they will have no choice to do taht again .

Students understand ideas and concepts can develop their knowledge .
During they thinking for the reason , they can know how to answer it .
For example , the teacher let the students to do their homework , only write the reasn .
So a lots will copy theirclassmates ' homework .
That is unuseful .
But if theteacher to tell the students to write down how they answer those questions , so the students must do that by themselves , that will give the students a lot of hep .
Students can know that how to answer the questions .
For example , when the students understand the ideas and concepts , that means they also can know the way to answer those question .
That can give them a lot of help for their future .

The students always know the things from understand something , that can make them to know that thing clearly .
For example , it likes that people can learn things from doing that .
That can make them to know that more easier and clearly .
Let the students to understand the ideas and concepts are also can make them to know a lot of things about the life .
For example , to understand the ideas can make them know that it is life .
In their life , they must still find the way to answer all the qwuestion .
They must use the different ways to answer the different questions .
No body can help them expect themselves .

The students ca n't learn facts expect they understand the ideas and concepts .
If they did n't understand the ideas and concepts , they would n't learn the right facts , they will not understand the facts , so when that time , they will have the wrong thinging for the facts .

So that is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts .
They can study how to have their life and can know more knowledges from that .
I agree with the statement .
I am now 18 years old .
The ward of young people in the statement probablly meams those who are the age of 16 to 20 like me .
At least for 1 year , I have not done any activity to help my local community .
As for my friends , the situation is similar to mone .

There is one big reason why we do not give enough time to helping our communities .
It is entrance examinations for collage .
In Japan , there is a hard competition to entre collage or university .
Therefore , students of those ages have to study .
There is not enough time to spend helping their communities .

This condition is not good but we ca
There are a lot of people live in the world .
There are two types of human .
That is young people and old people .
Old people having long time than young people so they know much more than them .

I think young people can enjoy life more than older people .
I have three resons to say about this .
First reason is older people had fun when they were young .
tery had fun in young time so they did alot of things what they want to do .
So if young people can no enjoy their life , this is unfare .

The second reason is all people have freedom .
So no one can say any thing about that .
young time have many free time to do anything ` so when they become older , they will hared to make free time so they can no go any where and hard to play .
so people should play in young time .

The last reason iswhen young people get older , they are hard to go out .
Because olde people will get hurt leg , hand , and body .
When people have those pain , they are do not like to go out .
So young people should do what you want to do in that time .

This is all thing I think about .
Young people can enjoy life more than older peolpe , but young people must care old people .
Becasuse they are having long time so young people must thank to them .
So they must care to old people .

Well , I think this is all thing I want to say .
People must choose your life by them self !!
That is all .
Thank you .
I am disagree with this statement , because for me it is the same important .
To understand ideas and concepts about a topic is important because you know about that , but if you can not see the facts you only will have your own opinion and you may not see how this things will be carrying to the end .

For example if you study biology you can not stayed only reading and understanding concepts because when you finished your career you could not work because you do not how that thing make .

Insted if you learn for diferents facts you know how you should drive a situation in the moment because you have already seen and practiced .
In my career , Ingeenering , I have to learn of the facts because all that I made should be experimented and prove so this experiment is a fact .
For other hand you can think that the fact are not only the most important so in diferents careers is not a rule have the facts because are more important ideas and concepts , but in some cases this things should have some facts to prove and learn .

So in my own experience the two ideas are many important , if you have the first you should have the second idea , the first can not live whitout the second and the second can not live whitout the first .

This ideas are a complement each other and i think that the teachers have to carry to the practice this situation .
Use this two things , the students feels more self-confident about that they know and how can they solve a problem .
Yes , i agree that young people do not give enough time to help their community because they are more involved in their accademic schedule and they have got no time to serve the community due to their involvment in their jobs and other freak outs .

Now a days the accademic schedule is so fixed that the young people are not getting time to spend with the society and are busy with their lessons , projects , etc .
As the proverb says `` untill we care one none cares us '' .

The part time jobs play an important role to earn money .
They are the major source of money today .
so young people spend their extra time in part time jobs than helping the community , thinking of the money not about the society .
Not remembering that `` service to the society is service to the nation '' .

Even the self enjoyment and freakouts got major importance in over comming once stress .
so young people prefer it rather than serving the community .
becauswe entertainment is getting prevailed in this modern world .

I finally conclude that younge people nowadays do not give enought time to help their community .
These days less and less young people attend their community-meetings .
And I storngly agree with the idea .
Young people who do not spend time to help their communities have some reasons .

First , they do not know the importance their communities .
Although they depend their lives upon them , they do not notice the fact .
Because of it they think they do not have to wast their time to help their communities .

Second , there are a lot of much more attractive things than working for their communities around them .
For example they want to spend their time to work for their part time jobs rather than to work for their communities .
It is because of their benefits .
That is , even if they work for their communities hard they cannot get money .
So they decide to spend their time more attractive thing .

All in all , as I said above , nowadays they think they do n't want to spend thier time to help their communities .
There is interesting topic what young generation fun life more than older generation do .
I think adolescent people enjoy life more than elder people do .
I acknowledge this opinion .
There is my grandfarther 's example .
In his case .
He was enjoying his style of living when he was young because he had power , energy , curiousity , dream .
He was always trying to do best for his ambition and was addicted to specific woman even though when it didn ' t go well .
He was feeling energy and fun .
However , he is not young anymore as you know .
He has even serious disease now .
This means that he does n't have a lot of energy , dream .
The all things he care is when he die .
He told me before he was enjoyed his life a lot when he was young .
Unfortunately it did n't last still now .

There is curious topic that young generation have more fun in life .
I have my grandfarther 's case .
Eventually , i agree this opinion .
Actually , I am interested about opinion of other people who do n't have experience same as me .
I agree this statement even though it 's not my experience .
it 's my grandfarther 's case .
So what do you think about this opinion ?
While we live in the current world , It is nesseary to get the better social position .
We can comfortable living .
through the better position .
But , to get the better social position , we have a veriety of expericnce and knoweledge .
Between the experience and the knoweledge .
I intend to talk the Knoweledge .

There are two thing about knoweledge .
one thing is the broab knoweledge , the second thing is the specialized thing in only one subject .
In fact , the couple of thing is nessary to get the knoweledge about the subject .
however , It is more inportant to specialize the informations about subject .
Because we do n't know all of imformation about whole subject .
That is for granted .
There is no reason to know the whole thing .
Ability for knoweledge is limited .

So we should the specialist about one thing .
therefor , we can be the nessary being about the only thing .
through the one subject , we contribute to the world and help the other person .

For example , there is professors .
they studied the one part in the college or university for years .
they became the schalor .
Only one thing ! .
They are professors surely .
but they know the only one part .

But they are honored by every students and person .
there is no reason except the proffessor .
That is the same thing .
The other example is styudying about the only one thing is modest behavior .
they know the self ability ' limit .
In concluson , we must study onthing deeply .
so we must help the other person in the world .
when it comes to the matter wether its better for students to understand concepts or learning facts I believe its more important for them to learn facts and its more is more convincing for several reasons .

the first reason I believe that why learning facts is better understanding facts and concepts because I think learning facts is more useful to students in their lives .
like when a students understand an idea or a concept it should n't be right or true or it might not be a good idea or a concept that will not be useful for him or her , on the other hand when they learn facts they can form their ideas about anything .

the second reason why I think learning facts is more important than understanding ideas , because i believe that facts can enourmosly develop the student 's character , the way he thinks about things around him and the way he talks .
like when a student are a part of discussion of a subject or any matter in life .
he surely can participate in the discussion with the facts that he learned , on the other hand understanding ideas wo n't do him any good in this area .

the third reason why I think learning facts is more important than understanding ideas because ideas might be more useful at later age but in the age of studets learning facts is more efficent and effective on them I also believe that facts are easier for students to comprehend .

for all these reasons above , I strongly suggest that students should be more interested in learning facts than understanding the ideas .
I disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
this is two reanson .
First of the reasons is we should learn facts because we have to know what happen in the each country and get a information from learn facts .
for instance , when i learned some facts by someting .
i got to understand what happen nowaday and if i do n't know eveything about facts .
i can not explain to people waht happened yesterday or today .

Second of the reasons is we do not have to understand ideas and concepts .
because we could understand ideas and concepts any time .
but facts have to learn than understand ideas and concepts .
if we miss to learn facts , we could not learn anymore that happen .
so we can get more skill and knowledge if we lerned facts .
for examle , when i tried to understand ideas and concepts , it was much harder to understand , but when i tried to learn facts , it was easy to understand and i was interest them .

Therefore , i disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn fact .
I disagree with the twenty years there will be fewer cars .
because increase pepole in the world and need is tha cars for travel and vesatore another frind .
Wethawut cars can not goes to the jop and cary thengs for any cpasces .
The cars in twenty years there will be very develoment from this today cars .
reserches work evry time for discover modern cars that chractarestic wthaot polution or noisy and movment slowly .
modern cars smallare tody cars .
it can fly in the skiy over home that time can not need more ruats .

Modern car use hihg thecnology that can travels the car with the map all city by satil But today cars are problem increase polution and axcedant that caused dith mor pepole in the world .
Increase the car need more routs that hihg qawlty some contry can not beulding this routs becouse not enph many for this .
in the pass cople years there were alot of people that are successful , and so much ambition .
For an exampl Bill Gaets ang Inishtine .
they were so pore in school , but they were so successful in life infact they made the World chainged dy two emprtant things : well and ambition .

First , well to successed ; there must be the well to get there by the graet well people made the chaneg and nevar let go the thing that is beleving of .
For an exampl win Adeson invinted the lightboll he traeded 850 ways until he get the ball lighten .

second , ambition is the other emportant thing to successed .
Successful people has the ambition to do new things to get what ever thy are looking not only to do that but also to get out of the darckness .

sccessful people do new thing to be success those thigs are well and ambition .
I agree whit the answer .
My opinion is that cars is very important for the people , for the live of people , because the moder people use the car for live .
Thay use the car for going to work , school , holyday , for spend a good time in the near city ...

Twenty years old ther was less people and the people used other transport for moving , and the prize for buy a car is very big for the normal people .
Only few people can buy the car .
Today the prize is less and many people can buy .

Today the industrian produce a lot type of car for any type people and any type use , thus any people can buy the very good car for yous life / job .

Now I would also like a draw your attention for the use that the moder people doing of yours car .
The problem is not how lot car there is , but how may using car !
The moder people wrong using a car .
The government give a possibility to use an other instrumen for travele , there is an airplain for the long long travel , there is a train for a long travel or bus for short travel , but the moder people prefore using a car , why ?
Because the car is more confortable ..
but is mor expensive for the people , petrol is carefull , and for the comunity , the heart is ill .
When ther people know this the people change the type of yours live , I think that thay continus to buy a car , is important , I think that there is one car for any family ..
for the emergence , but if the people using less the car the cost for the comunity will be lesat .

Few people know this but thay , for now , do not change your comportamnt ...
I hope thay do this ..
in a future .
I agee with it .
Because I thought this is best ways that we can see many things .
Also tour guide know many things that place .
So that people show our to place we want to travel .
So we can know many things to study that place .

First , I thought that we do not need tour guide .
Because it very expensive .
But I thought long and I choese this way .
We can enjoy our travel .
And tour guide know which hotle is cheeper .
When we do not know , way to the somewhere that people alway help us .

Also tour guide show each things or building those are famose .
It too dangerous in foregin country so tour guide help us too .
I wish I would go to travel to somewhere I am going to led by a tour guide .
To s
I disagree that statment that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for several reasons .
First , when we buy something in the store , we almost read the advertisement about that we are going to buy .
Then we decide if we should buy or not .
If the advertisement about that we are going to buy is good for us , we may buy that .
Wether we buy something or not is depends on advertisement , so they should not tell a lie .

Second , if advertisements use the information that seem much better than they really are , and consumers buy and use that stuff , it can be harmful for consumers .
For example , if advertisements say that this meal does n't include fat at all although it really include much fat , those who buy that and have regurally can get fat .
It is not good for health .

Finally , if most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are , consumers ca n't believe them and buy anything .
It is serious problem .
For human can live safety and confortable , advertisements should be honest , I think .

For these reasons , I think most advertisements should not make produsts seem much better than they really are .
travel Some people think the best way to travel is in agroup led by a tour guide , if you want tarve is in agroup let , some poeople travel very quickly , and they think the road is very well .
and choose about what it is right , and drive it very quickly , and they think it is very weel , by quickly and they like it .

Also the accend happed by people drink some thing and drive car . , and abut tarrivel it is important some times many people i did n't carefull . , they are travel very quickly , and they did n't carefully about it , in some wite road some peple fell very well , and drive it very quickly , but also in some bad road , some people by car is very carefully and in this road the accident happend it very less , so i think the trivel by myself , an many accident happend it is about many people did n't be careful
Some people think that young people do not spend their time to do something that is beneficial for their society .
But I do not agree this opinion .
The most primary reason for this is that modern many university student are much more ready to be the one of member of workers than those in the past .
some illustrations of that is they join internships , experience the works as a part-time job , and study abroad to master English .
My fatehr said to me that he did not have to study or experience work like today .

Moreover , as people can prolong teir lives , young people have to help them nowadays .
It is critisized that there are so many old people in Japan , where I live in .
I think that It is only young people who can help with their living .

To summerize above passege , young people nowadays cannot help giving much more time to help thir community as the system of teir society is changing .
i agree the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
there are lots of products that people can see or buy in the market .
but the advertisements want to make money , so they just make the products seem much better to make people wo n't know its good or bad inside .

for example , the little boy in the cady shop , he would like to have a big colorful cady but not the no color one .
because the colorful one seem better then another one .
it doesnt mean that the colorful one test better then the other .
but the little boy chose the colorful one so the coloeful one win anyways .
i believe that 's why advertisements make products looks good then people would buy it and they can make money .
and usually the things which looks good outside it cost more expenciner then the things which looks ugly , but the expencive one may not really useful then the cheaper one .

another example , i think that people always choose the thing that looks good but they dont really care what is really inside of the products so thats why the advertisements keep making thing like only have outside .
so when people chose the things we shoule read the manul carefully before we buy it .

there are the examples of why i think most advertisements make products seem much better then they really are .
i think now days is impossible to chose the thing that not only looks good but also useful .
I agree with the topic beecause they dont care about it .
They care about only themselves .
It cause them not to help their communities .
I think they had better be interested in something around them .
There are only one reason about this problem .

This is that young people have to think about their future and they think they can do anything in their future but it 's impossible for them to do this .
They cannot do anything without their communities but they ignore this fact no maybe they dont just wanna think about it .
So I think they cannot give them their communities .
If they can notice about it they will make our society increasing and improve their skilles .
I hope so that .
and many young people think their future are blighting and they have many wish but they cannot succeed these .
For students is more imporatant to understand ideas and concepts from learn facts only .
Students normally do same mistakes ragularly .
We can avoid this situation by analysing the learn facts .
using learn facts students can estimate our regular activites .
In our day to life lot of lot of incidents or occured , by depending on these incidents we can do our daily work .

For example if we can do any mistake than we can analyse what we do that helps to increases our ideas and concepts .
Not only students every one must concentrates on our ideas that reflects our behaviour .
So students put ur past experiance put in your present experiment and get a future expectation .

By followng learn facts , improving our thinking efficiency and also we cant do any mistakes repetedly .
Every students identifies our regular activites from learn facts .
This is very much helpfull not only in regular activities is helpfull in studies .
If we can analyse from learn facts than improving our skills because we cant do same mistakes againe and againe ..
The students are naturally do same mistakes in exams because they are are not much concentrates on subject .
Than second time we can rectify our problem by learn facts .
If students follow these concept increses their efficiency and thinking power , mainly they are not do the same mistakes againe .
Than students life going on very happy and joyfull .
So every one concentrates on our learn facts , that helpfull to acheive the success in our life .
From learn facts students also learn what can we do , what is our aim , thus learn facts resembles the our activites .

So past events much helpfull in our day to life .
That creates a our life brihgtly .
Finally I can stated that students must be undersatand ideas and concepts from learn facts only .
I disagree this statement ,
but i think that this idea is not totally incorrect .
In twenty years the things changes and i dont't know how we will travel with .
The todays cars are a very important problem because the car create a lot of air pollution .
the cars are the most pollution producers on the earth .
In this case I think that people in future wants to change theyre abituds and so travel with a different transport ( train for example ) .
But i think that in twenty years cars changes too .
I see a not pollution cars use a clean energy and the problem of pollution will be stopped .

My preoccupation is about the number of people that in twenty years can becameing too much for travel with cars .
What that i think is that in the future can persist only the taxy and the bus because the spaces will be full in the streets .
people will travel most with airplane because the journey will be longer than at present .
My wish is that we find a solution for the air pollution and not only obviusly , and I dream a modern wonderful cars go with a particular new energy discovered from a new particular planet .
I think it was possible .
The solution if the people wants is behind the corner .

I have studied for became a designer and I want to se cars forever and in my rouls i want to understand what is possible to do for resolve the cars pollution problem .

The problem of air pollution in twenty years becaming a very very serious problem .
There are now a new solution with new engines wich go with gpl or new oil
Today we deal with a lot of facts which we do n't usually use .
As conquance , we 're learning things that it have nothing to do with our real life .
In my prespictive , I think education must be in general about issues which have a direct affect on your life .
However , we should balance between learning both facts and understand ideas .

Facts are important because it help us to develop .
Moreover , in order to reach scinetific prefction we need to be awear of the facts .
the main problem with leaning facts could be foregoten if did n't use or apply it in your life in some how .

Everybody understant the imprtance of learning ideas which interact whith your real life .
this method to build a healthy youth who are capeble to find their way in life easily .

Balancing between these methods is acually what we need .
If sacrificed one of them the results would be harmful to us .
so , we all should support the balancing advicats .
Knowledge is like a big pot that any one can take and scope from .
living in a world full of informations oblige me to have informations from diffrent aspects or subjects .
Iam with the statment that says `` It is beeter to have broad knowledge of many acadimic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject . ''

Having a broad knowledge of a certain topic or subjet is good when iam sitting with my colleges discussing certain issue or idea .
This mean s i can paricipate effectivly in the disscusion or even in a debate in my majoring beacuse i have alot of informations and details cthat i can use to cnvince the other parts , this is very good for me .

I ca n't imagine my self sitting with agroup of people talking a bout certain idea that i have no idea a bout .
This means iam going to be speechless , staying at home is much better for me than being in this situation .
Because i dont want that happen to me i prefer studing diffrent many subjects .
Iam personaly did this with my studying .
My major in BA is Methods of Teaching English as a forgien languge and in my Master i decided to tke some thing that is broader than it .
I sudied cucrriclum design and teaching methodology .
Although it still the same dealing with education topic , bust still i got more idea than choosing to study methogology in English a lone .
Now iam planning to study in Phd Measrement
This question are very difficult , i mean that now are different the style of life that in the past .
For this are false a credential that now the young people not give enought time to helping their comunity .
For my experience in the past the young people has less time to think at the communities why at the age of 14 ears the children grow up in a man , he are forced to do to work , he are forced to help his family and he has not many times for the communities .

Now the society are completly different the children go to school so mutch that the past , and he has a different means .
I speak for the personal experience i 'm going to the social group ans i help the childrens to make a home works and to have a great space et time to play with a friend .

For me are really special to help a childrens in her formation and i like to continue in my work for few year .
Are really too , that now is very difficult to reclute a children , normally are in her house with a video games and the grandparent .
After this with a friend 's group i 'm going , in a little part now , with a exame and the university I have less time to spend whit her , in a meeting and convetion that speak about books , theatre , and cinema .
This too in a minor part increase the aspect of integration with a communities .

But are rare to have other person and other friend that make the same way that i cross , now the style of live think at the individual person and to grow up your personality , in difficult to see lot of person that help other ...
but not all word are the same .

In the end i dont have a great answer i has describe my situation but are very difficult comparize the same aspect in different sociology and culture era .
my first words will be ( with no depet the success does not come just like that it depance on your skills and on how can you risk offcurse i agree that successful people have to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well for an example lets take the sport any sport and lets say football or socer and because i play socer i know that the player or keeper must not stayed or depandence on one skill he have to train hardlley and every day to improve his skills even if there was some rescue espacelly for the goal keeper because he have to learn how to jump for the ball with no fritend to get heart or hit by anther player and this only one example and it is aprooved that any one has to get him self in risk just like i sayed in the begin and any one has to get in his mind that his name will be mention as agreat man one day and for anther example lets take the police work espaclley the officer because he didnt hot the stars for nothing he chasets the cemanels and fights the crime only for his family and country and he is wisting no time on setting behaind his office he always train hard to keep his fet on and try to get haier palce and i think those to exampels are enough for you and me to make sure that are the seccessful people not only have but must to try and learn new things and risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well to be on of the greatest men who lived in this country and died on it )
We usually watch TV , newspapers , or magagines any place .
They have advertisement in there .
You can advertise any methods .

I think that most advetisement make products seems much better than they really are .
While I watch TV , I can see a some advertisement .
For example , when I see an advertisement about food , I really want to eat because it looks delicious .
Sometimes inside of newspaper have a advertisement paper .
When I see a like that paper , I look at it carefully .
It might be explain the product is very good .
Wheather in twenty years ther will be fewer cars in use than are today is a controversial matter .
It has cost and benefits .
In my own opinion I think that it will not ocur in the next twenty years .

On the one hand , there is evidently that the poblation of the earth will increase in the next years .
If now there are six thousend million of people wich most of them no have car , and knowing that the countries not develop are developing now ( like China , Brazil or India ) or will develop in the next ten years , the people of these countries will buy cars .
In addittion , the developing countries there are two cars per family in now days , with the emigration the number of families are raising , so more cars .
And I want to add that the tecnology is there to make the cars more confortable and with more security .

On the other hand , cars pollute the enviorement and people are now more conciounsly in protect the Earth and the ozone .
This could be affect in the market of the cars in the world because people is using and will use more and more public transport in order to protect the Earth .
Also is important that the natural resources are been used in more cuantity for all the products ( plastic , fuel , natural gas , etc ) and the cars need combustible to work and now the natural resources are growing in use .

To sum up , there are important the two ways .
There are people in the two options and I are in the the option taht in the future
I agree many young people do not give time to helping their communities .

In my opinion young people are intersting in many kind of things which it 's westing time and keeping them away from the responsibalities , as a young man i feel the same thing too , but to fix out this case the goverments , schools , universities , hospitals , any place of activition should stands in one line aginst the un important , unnessary reasons that 's keep the young people away and absent , i think the main reason in this case it is the family if the family ecourge , teach them and advise them and push them to the communities .
so they wont be absent .

The communities are very important to the young people to share the informations and the advise that it could surly helps them .
every goverment in the world has a communities to keep thier people educated and well enough .

but there is alot of entertainment places that can young people weasting there time in .
my advise for all young people it 's to feel responsabilty and trying to not weasting time in some thing not deserv .
I think for students to understand idea and concepts is more important than for them to learn facts .
I have very strong opinion about that .
My favorite subject is math and i like math but i can tell i 'm not suprer good at math but it 's alright not really bad .
On my way to do it math is i do not think about that the answer is .
i need to know how should i solve it .
If i just know the answer then what am i learning ?
to finding answer skills ?
not really .

For history and math or other things to learn , first thing that you have to understand .
You need to know what your doing .
My math teacher not only counts the answer .
I need to show how i got this answers .
if i only write the answer then i will lose my points .
That is the idea that im telling .
it would continue that if you have a same situation that you did before but you do n't know what to do , then what are you going to do ?
nothing .

I could tell the fact is just cover , and understand or concept is inside .
i hope that people look at the inside .
Of cource the fact is important we have to know what is correct or not .
i know many people just want the fact expect the how did you understand .
you have to make your own thing , that calls understand .

if you understand then you can solve easily that you expect .
Sometimes just look at the bright side that do not just focusing on the fact .
You need to know the way you did .
it is more important for students to understan idea and concept than just facts .
it should be good experience for your life .
In this issue , there some people agree with in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , other people do not agree with .
I would have that , if I were faced with this issue .
I probably follow in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In the following disscussion , I will reasons and provide evidence to support my point of view .

No issue is more important now than the refers living quality , in the feature more and more new technology will born , and people will choose the better way to move , like go to work or have a trip .
maybe one day people will

Environment problem is another reason that I chosen to put here .
No better illstration can use on others reasons , because car will produce a lot of poison gas to air , this sitiuation become more and more important , like globe warning .
we have to solving by use other way to movement , if you can see that , you can understand is more deeply .

Superior as in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than therer are today is , however keeping use car or do not use car in the feature also has owns demerits , too , Nevertheless the advtantages of do not drive cars carry more weight than that the disadvtantage of do not drive cars in the feature , so the most striking conclusion is obivous .

To sum up the reasons discussed above .
we can reach the final choice , the good choice is do not driving can the feature .
I disagree with the statement , Nowadays , young people seems they do not give enough time to helping their communities .
but it is because the way of participating their communities is changing through time .
In the past , communities are so small that everyone in the community can know almost everything about other member in community , and they spent most of their time in the community .

But nowadays , communities are getting bigger and bigger , one member in community can hardly know about other member in community , and people spend more time at work than in community .

so , it may appear this statement is true .
But the willingness to help other people is not less than that of past time .
Some young people help other people by internet , donating disabled men 's committee and the other spend more time to helping their communities at work .
( work place can be a community . )

So , as time goes by , the way of participating community activity is just changing , not the willingness of participating community activity .
I agree the question because the student to learn facts they understand ideas and concepts .
Idea is base to learn the facts .
For example if i do n't know the concept i do n't understand the fact .
Perhaps for a limited facts i do n't know the concept but i know the facts but accoting to me this fact are very limited .
Since we study idea and the theory after we study the facts .
Another example is the gravity theory : newton since study all theory then he proposed the experiment and after he studied ena known the result of the him theory .
There are o lot of example who they suppose my agree for the question .
The concepts are very important they are interesting for the all facts .
In conclusion before to study the facts all persons undertand ideas and concepts .
Some tipes of advertisements use to make different products , and a lot of them are , better it 's say that they seem , much better than they really are .
Is it true or wrong ?
It is good or bad ?
Do I agree or disagree with the statement written at the top ?
I really do n't know .
I ca n't find a personal and not common opinion about this themes , for that reason I will say sorry before for the not really interesting text that I 'm going to write , or better that I 'm going to try write .

First all the advertisements can be devide in two groups .
The first one comprend all the advertisement who use to give products as soon as possible , the second one , at the contrary , used to give products in a log way .

In the same line I 'd like to devide all the products in two order , the really `` good '' and the `` appeared good '' .
After this tipe of division is possible to combinate in different way all groups .
So we can find advertisemtent who gives to you a products really soon and whit a lot of good things correlated at its , or at really opposite concept , an advertisements who gives in a really long period something not really good for your person .

I 'm going to the conclusion of this issue , and I want to declarate that this is a really difficult topic where I have trought to give my opinion or something who try to be the same shape .

If I have to take one decision about what tipe of advertisement I will choose , I hope to find a product whio can give to me a seem better than it look likes .

Whit that I hope to be finisched all my argouments ad ideas about this really diffucult and embarasing issue .
I agree with this statements .
Because to have many knowledge is useful .
It can be materials of chatting , and have interests for many things .
You can talks with many people in many categolies .
If you know a lot of things , you might to try many things .
For example , when you got fired your job , you could find another job which you have interest , maybe .
And a person , who have a knowledge of many kind of subjects , might help other people using his/her knowledge .
Anyway , I think to have a lot of knowlage is not to be waste .
I like the person who knows many things .
It 's interesting .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
I agree with it , and I think this is perhaps the summary of how to be a success person .

First , to be sucess , one should be at least in the five percent top in the domain he works .
It means that if there were one thousand people which do the same work in this world , you should be better than other nine hundred and fifty person .
More competitors in the domaine , more difficult to be success .
Want to be success , create

Second , always repeating the same work , satifying with the recent life , not being willing to take the challenger , all these are not the characteristics of the successful people .
If you want to be success , you have to surmount the achivement you have got , you must get higher and higher .
When you chose a new thing which nobody else had tried , this is the challenger and this will cause the risk .
Succesful people try new things and take risks .
Most important of succesful people 's quilities are creative and activity .

Successful people always want to new thing and they are created .
For example , In the korea .
famouse musician Moon Jae Sook , she is traditional korea instument ( Gayagum ) player .
Acually Gayagum is old instrument and the songs are not any more popuation .
So , She was made of new song and she play .
also she play westurn class music by Gayagum .
People surprised the Gayagum 's new sound .

Now , Korea young traditional artist try make a new song .

Secondary , successful people are not only creative , but also they are activity .
They do n't want just thinkig .
If they got a idea , They make it reality .

Third , Successful people has good people .
Recently most of important is relationship .
Varity relation ships are helpful all situation .

So I agree that successful people try new things and take risk .
In the world , there is so many people who is successful .
I believe that they succeed becuse they tryed todo new things and take risk is makes people to succeed .

First , if peolple do only what they already know how to well , they will not improve .
We have to make an effort and charenge new things to improve .
There is so many people who know how to do well the things .
It means there is so many people who have same ability as them .
therefore , people without challensing are same as others and they will not success .

Second , to try new things and to take risk make us to know how to solve the problems .
As people try to start new things , they will expect the problems that will be happend .
Since people know what problem will be happened , they can prepare to have the problems and find how to make it better before problem happen .
If people do only what they already know , they will not think about faillur .
So if some problems occurs to them , it is hard to solve the problems .
Also once they gat some problems , they will depress more easily than those who expected what problems will be able to occure .

Becauser of these reasons , I belive that to try new things and take risks are more important than to do what they already know how to do well for success .
In my opinion people always should try new things and take risks to improve themselves .
If people stop themselves in front of the difficulties , they never improve .
To become successful people , we do n't must do only what we can do but , first of all in difficult situations , we must take risks even if they should be wrong at the end .

If we do n't catch risks we never obtein important results in every camp , for example For example if I want become a very important manager , in the world of work , I will have to take a lot of risks that regards my decisions .
This means that people that have important ambitions ca n't limitate themselves in which they already know but they must search to improve themselves .
At the end I want say that don ` t exist any person that became important limiting himself , but to become successful people need courage and to take difficult choise to improve more and more .
I agree with that young people enjoy life more than older people ,

we ca n't deny that the youn people are significant on the sociaty and we have to be aware from them and how to protect them to build more than more good generation in the future .

because there are many resons for that .
Young people are the flower of the life that the young people constructs the cviliazation on their country .
they considered that the young people are similar of weapon that what their country need it for resisation from any enemy may make an strugle or conflict with them .
In addition to that young people can enjoy their life easily because they are strong and active to do their duties with all of instruments .
Also young people can establish the benefits things , so we have yo consider that they are periority in the sociaty .
moreover young people can enjoy their lives by sharing othar friend in tha same ages and how to actor in a good way to reach good life .
the young people can deal with othars flixable and smooth to make the bonds more strong .

Finally l have to make sure that the young people able to exploit their jobs and how to adjust their lives to make a balance .

On the other hand we ca n't forget the efforts of older people and we ca n't blame their ableneel
I agree about this topic .
I think it is more important for students to understand ideas and consepts than it is for them to learn facts .
If we did n't go to primary school and we did n't understand how we make a sentence with words we ca n't learn writing and reading .
So I think understanding ideas is important .

For instance suppose that you have a computer but you did n't use it .
Before you use it , you must learn it is using .
So firstly you should understand it is using .

Another example is that If you want to tke TOEFL you should take a course about this exam , you should understand all ideas about this exam .
After this preparing you can take this exam .

In two examples Which were given above ; If you contact with an experiment you can be more successful .
So I think If you want to be a successful person you should ask questions to another people who you can trust her \ his ideas .
Because I think intelligent people use his \ her mind but more intelligent people use another people 's mind not to make mistake .
To become more successful in a short time you should ask other 's ideas about your situations .

In addition that understand all details about facts you can imagine what it will be go on ?
As a matter of fact that you can always ask questions about your situations and understand all ideas and concepts and you can go right .
If you ca n't understand ideas you may not improve easily and in a short time .
So it is an important part of life to understand ideas .

To sum up When you want to learn facts you search every sides of it .
Do n't forget that every person have different ideas and different looking sides .
So you always learn other 's ideas from them or from books , than think them and solve the facts .
The intallegent of a person about using life .

Life is very spetial for the person , by this time life will consedered a chance or a descovering who this person shoud be carful with his life .
Life will guide evry person to try new things , and tacke risks about life but all theese purpus are very demand in peoples life the successful thing is masur with the intelagent or the capacity in each person .
Are you think that the sucsed of each people to a better life bring a good socaity ?

First , people enter to world who the problems and hi try the difficulty of life but things will bring to him a kaynd of joyment and life will be interested to be changed and to direct him to better place and to a good world .

Secondly , each person soffer in his life to provaid a suuccessful life and to do well , I think that evry singl one is oblicate at his life to be changed and to do well .
I agree with this opinion beacause evry singl man or woman try to bring all new things and evry person take a risk to learn more and to provaid a successful life and to do very well .

Thirdly , all people enter at this life , life of problems and ishus , i think that evry singl one try to be suceded at his life , and the world with the socaity will bring at all who they are into this statements a betterlife and a lots of opportuniti in life .

Finaly , i think that every singl one must be preperd in his life to be more str
Many of people prefer to know only facts of something such as painting which is drown .
I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
There is some of reason .
First of all , it is to look only surface of stiffs .
Second , It is not impossible to improve their ideas .
I will descirbe the reason .

Firt of all .
it is to look only surface of stiffs .
For example , when I went to museum , I saw a lot of person who was seeing the painting quckly .
I think that they did not see ideas and concepts of painting .
They only see some artist 's original paintings and do not need feeling about the painting .
Second , it is not impossible to improve their ideas .
For example , When I studied math in high school , I only memorised the math 's list and rules .
So I could solve the math problems , but later I forgot all of the math .
If I reconiged the idea and concept of the math , I should have memorized the method to solve the math .

I do not like to know only facts .
It is to disgard to learn a lot of things .
First , It is to look only surface of stiffs .
second , It is not impoossible to improve their ideas to facts .
So when I go to musuem or exhibition with my children .
I will take time for long time to see the paings or someting because of thinking about the things to understand ide
I agree with this statement .
I do n't like alone .
When I go to travel , I want to go together with my sister .
And at that time , I want to use a tour guide .
Because , I do n't like reserch about visite place before I go to travel .

In my opinion , a group led tour is confortable for me .
I can make friend in the group .
I can talk a lot people .
When I go to travel , I want to have new experience .
To talk with member of group is good experience .
Sometime happen we live same city .
After travel we will meet together nearby my house .

Another reason is I need help someone .
I am usually lost way .
If I go to travel Alone , I will be lost way .
I wo n't come back hotel .
I really agreey with this statement .
A group led by a tour guide give me dreams that .
In my point of view , I can not agree with statement ; young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Because , I think , order people have experience , knwoledge and shape of life .

Young people almost think that they can any thing and they can break some situations with young power .
but it is not ture , mey be .
All need is , in my opinion , experience .
When we solve some problem , we will call back own experience .
And if we got a same stiation before , we could find solution form experience .
Older people have lots of experience , because they lived long time than young people .
So older people could find solution soon .
Less problem makes enjoy life .

Second , Older people have many kind of knowledge .
Thus , older people can understand the almost things .
And they can share these knowledges with his sun or other people .
He can teach someting .
It is so exiciting and enjoynable thing .
In the other hand , young people can not this sharing .
Because they are so young and they have not enogh knowledge to teach for another person .

Finally , older people have shape of life .
It means they can find a answer ; who am i and what is distnation of life .
In yougtime , we alway search some ansewer ; who i am or what should do in my life .

In that situation , we have no time for enjoy life .
we always should keep thinking or searching .
Order pepole , however , will some answer about this question from enoght experiences or knowledges .
So they can not hurry in their life and they can enjoy his lest of life .

All in all , Seeminglly , youg peple have lot of time and they can enjoy their life more , But , in fact , older people can more enjoy than young people .
Because they have experience , knowledge and shape of life .
We grow up in a society wich a has the mith of the `` success '' .
By watching the televion , reading the newsletter or just surfing on the net , you can feel how important is to be the `` Number one '' .
All around you can find tips to build your own success , to be `` one million man '' .
Some people state you should focus on something you know to well , others say you should explore new things .
Well , in my point of view it is not so simple .

Let me give an example on how to be a successful business man .

You should differenciate your business from your competitors .
For example by making a better quality or lower price product .
Therefore it is important to cut costs and improve efficency .
This something which can came when you know to do well your business .

Only when you reach that level , than you can think of trying new ventures by exploring new business opportunities .
For example by investigting a new market you can build improve your sales , but you need always to have a great beyond you
Successful people try to new work or create one is better than do only what they know .
I agree this quote .
Pixar comany and JYP is one of successful people .
Successful people try new thing is better than only doing one work .

First , Pixar is one of famous film comapany .
This company always make to new idea and story .
people try to using diffrent to techinq .
However , If this famous company pixar always make to same sotry and same idea for flim , watching poeple does not interesting about that film anymore .
Theseday people want to new one and different style like poeple want to new cell phone or many option thing .
So , successful people need to try new create amd running to their line .

Second , JYP is famous singer or writer musican in Korea .
In Korea , since 1994 he always make to shocking musoc and creat to new singer .
JYP does not stay same work or day in Korea .
He try to sell his music in New York .
That time , Aisa musician try to sell their music but they are always go back to their country .
However , like that situation JYP do not give up his work .
He look back for asia muscian failthing .
He know , they did same work like their success in thier country and used to same way in New York .
So , He change to his mind and make to creat music not same , He can sell his music to Will Smith and Mase .
He can becaom first Aisan sell music in New York .
Theseday , He still in New York and He doing new project .

He just not sing and writer music in Korea , he look for new work and try .
Like that , Succeddfaul people have know move thier place .
Thefore , Who people success dose not stay their same place , they try to new place or work is better than that .
Some people would think specialize knowledge is the most important , however I prefer to choose the broad knowledge of many academic subject .
There are theree reasons for this : to have many information , to have wide view points and to make own new field .

First of all , the foundation of our knowledge was decided be the quantity of the imformation .
For instance , I major bussiness administration in my university .
If I do not study about not only foundamental bussiness theory but also other advertizement theory , I can not know deeply about marketing theory .
Likethis , Bord knowledge is essentioal .

Secondly , if a persson consentrate on only the specific field , they will not be able to have wide view point .
In jeneral speaking , like these kinds of people can not understand other peoples idea so they will have bias thinking way .
Adding to this , these kinds people like to be minority , so they will have difficult time in their life .

Finally , in order to make own new field , it is better to have wide knowledge .
Noneless to say , new theory is made by the combain of the fandamental knowledoge which saomeone have .
If a person specialize in a specific problem , there will be limit of them .
Because , new field is introduced by creative thinking based on the wide information .

From these reasons , I think if a person concentrate on the specific field , there are more less potentioal in their future .
Truly , studying only one subject which a person really want to study is important things .
Yet , when we think about this problem from long term .
Clealy , having vast knowledge of many kinds of academic subject is more good for the person 's future .
Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in the use than there are in today and some diagree .
Whatever , there is many factors the show us the way how number cars will increase or decrease .

In my opinion , i think that 's trurly not because as we see nowdays the number of cars are growing up fastly because of the number of people .
In china the number of people is more than 1 billion person is there , and in india the number of people will grow up and become more than china in fewe years .
This crowed of people will increase the number of cars .

Other thing , if we take that last twenty years we can determind that the number of cars that the countries they asked were increased due to people .
What is more , the number of cars that is produced is become more and more and the companys will not stop producing because of the custemers demand .
As we see the traffic jam now days are increasing and they are going to be more and more .
As we see the number of studing who learn how to drive a car are increasing in all countries and the schools will need more cars to teachs these student .

In addintion to that , the veraity of cars are more and more , if you want a four wheel drive you can choice a car from a plenty of cars in one company .
how about the aother companys do they have the same ?
yes ofcourse they have many types of cars for of road for in road even the interior accessories .

These factors say 's that the number of cars will increase without stoping one day , so the world become more croweded and number of cars will be infinity .
I agree with the following statement that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more better than having specialize in one specific subject .
I am a Japanese high school student .
I am studing various subject in my school .
It is too hard for me to understand all of these , but studing a lot of subject is very interesting and I can feel happy when I understand the something new .
So , I stronglly feel we should study and get broad knowledges from many academic subjects .
Then I would like to explain more detail .

These day , there are many enviromental problems around the world .
For example , grobal warming , water pollution , air pollution , many rain forests are destoloed , and rubbish problems .
I think these problems are not solve with a single subject knowledge , so scientists in the world should share their opinions and results of study with other field of masser 's scientist to solve these problems more better .

If we have broad knowledge of many academic subject , we could think about many things , and we could get abilities something new .
Today , we are learning to various subject about math , history , etc .
Even if our knowledge was broad , we did not know deeply about it .
I disagree that it is batter to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

First of all , if we will take broad knowledge , we are dangerous about our life .
Many people know many thing , but many of thing are incorrect .
For examful , I know that customers are king .
However , my knowledge is wrong .
Customers are king and supplers are vary importent too .
That is very dangerous .

Second , if you going to dactor , you will going to specialize doctor than broad doctor .
Broad doctor have not his specialize knowledge .
Third , if we know specialize knowledge , we will get more money .
For examful , Finally , we learn to deeply about specific subject .
If we have specialize knoeledge , we will live more good life
I am not agree with this topic because now a days there are many cars in all over the world .
Since the use of a car is very common for everyone because with the help of car oru working process is doing very easy so i think that the use of fewer cars will create many problems for everyone .
In these days without the use of car many works will be stop and many new problems will be created .
Now a days when a person has it also shows his personality over to other .

And in the twenty years I think that there will be more cars than now .
The use of car will be common because a person use his car to go anywhere like in the party in marriage ceremony and for his personal use like for office use so in the next twenty car will be more and more common with the help of cars our petrol and fuel also safe because when we go in party with our family car is much more convinent as compared to other things to go .
And the car factories are making now a days many cars day by day so in the next twenty year there are lots of cars will be availablefor different use .
The cars are increasing day by day so in the next twenty year i think there will be lots of car as compared to today .
Now a days car is making a status symbol for every one .
Now a days there are many different types of cars are available in the market .
There is a very big competition in the car 's company so after twenty years this competition will also increase .
So at the end i think after twenty years there will be many cars available if there is not then we will face many problems like we will search for another things which is more comfortable as on
Every one in the world would like to be successful person .
Also most of have tried to improve them life but there some of that people do n't like to risk .
have you getten risk for doing something to be successful in your life .
As you know most of people who are successful in their life they get risk to be but you sould n't do somthing is bad .

The risks is one of the things we get knowledge from it .
People who get risk in his life .
If we do n't try how we will learn and we can pass that problem if we get in another time .
Alot of people who afried from the try risk the do n't know alot of the life .
for Example , when I came to united state I could n't speak English but Know I can speak English and I am learning alot of things becuse I got risk .

The tring are coll things .
Some of peole who do n't get risk maybe say I do n't need to risk meybe yu will lose , but I think we we wll lose more than what we get from risk if we try to do good risk .
I 'm not completely agree with this statement .
Today , in our world , I think that people ca n't do an activity without a general knowledge of many academic subjects .
Infact , our society impose to people to have a base cultural and economic knowledge to do every work or activity .
It 's also very important that people are n't only just like a computer specialized only about think they must use in their job .
For a big good society , it 's important also that people know a little bit of culture , economy , art , religion , history , and others ...

School must do all it .
But when a man decide his future , the job of his life , he need to specialized in his specifical subject .
He must know more think as possibile about the activity that he have choised .
Sure , he can change , always .
But if I go to an architect to ask him to project my house , he must have all the knowledge necessary to project me a house , and I do n't want that he studied Battle of Waterloo when he was at school !

Now , I think that better think is : everybody must know battle of Waterloo , or the important of artistical elements in a house .
Everybody must know most important notion of general culture , but it is also necessary that everyone found his road , and he start to walk to the destination that he have choise , he study more notion as possible about it .
At the end , he will be able to do an activity in the best way , and he will be very important to the other members of his society .
some important to understand ideas and concepts for explaine very suffecently .
i agree this type of students some topice are subjected wayse and general type , places , games or newse and all so etc ..

some students subjecte ways it will be learn more and more topice mathas subjected very defecult type subjected this topice explaned very intelegently .
i have studed for just examination wayse studed .
i have my friend explaned some topice i learn this type of probleam solved i have more and more markes .
i have passed this exaime .
i have very surprised .

some people learn to newse paper read .
this people explaned more ideas .
buliding constrecter bulilding plane complersery explane some peole constrected bulilding so maney expendecher .
i hope this type of topice complesorry must and should importents .
i agery this type topice .

some exaimple so , many college 's and schools are explaned topices and subjecte compleserry concepted more and more importent students .
teachear and sudentes this type concepts very importents .
i hope this topice 's i must be agred .

some exaimple i prefered this type topice agred players are very importent 's of the this type instrection 's some playears are played self preparations other player 's are importented ideas to played i like this type prefered so many was use
In the last few years technology is updating itself rapidly .
To follow the new invents become very difficult nowadays .
Especially one of the main problem which we have in our lives is transportation .
The scientists are trying lots of things to help all the world people about this problem .
Can you imagine what will happen10 years later ?

If technological investmesments go on rapidly and scientists work so hard , it is not a different evnet to become having fewer cars in twenty years .

First of all , let us look at the devolopment which have done in the last 10 years .
Ten years ago , it was not thought that everyone would have mobile telephones and comminucate to each other without any cable .
Perhaps the people who heart that had a smile on their faces because that is not posible for them to have anything like this .
When it comes to fewer car event , this is not impossible in this view .

The other thing which we must consider is the way of technology about transportatin .
Although many wide any confortable roads are done , There is still no solution for this problem .
But in last years , the number of travellers increasing faster than before .
So , investmens will be much more on air transportatin .
As we see in cartoons , this can be possible , too .

On conclusion , we can say that , because of unexpected fast devolopment about technology , the use of cars will probably decrease and instead of that the air transportation , it will probably be choosen by many people .
If you see some flying cars on the air a feew years ago , do not be afraid .
That day probably is this day .
A survery was curried out that weather it is more important for students to understand ideas than it is for them to learn facts .
There are a large number of people belive that it is more imprtant for student to understand ideas : on thr other hand , only a small amount of people who think that lt is more important for them to learn facts .
in my opinion , I tend to stand on the side of majority .

First of all , the first reason why I agree with the idear is taht it is important for student to understand what they have learned .
For instens , if a student do not understand what he just learned , he could not pass the text in his classes .
in the same way , he can not get enough credit and he can not have a good future.a student even do not have the bsic knownlege , how could he learn fats ?

Alouthgh , the first reasons i mentioned is a important reason , but it is not the only reason to examplan , the second reason also
On the advertisement most of company makes the products better than it actually is ..
Sometimes i fall into trap of advertisement trap and end up buying that product .
when i actually use it , the product is horrible .

Advertisement is very important to business .
It 's way people find out about the product .
If the business company did not make the product great than nobody will buy the product .
these facts should not be excuse to customers .
If you want to make the money , make the best product and have the best advertisement .

I always watch television at my home .
When i see something good , i will always be like `` i have to buy that '' when i actually bought that prodyuct , i am always like `` man ..
this sucks '' . so , yes , most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are .
I think that the best way to travel is free trip .
I an supposed to tavel to the japan with my friend after one years .
free Trip give us many experiment that I do not feel excitment in Korea .
example , green envirome , kindly , speciall food , and so on ..

I interested in aprupptly trip .
so I have went to chinese , taiwan with my parents .
but diffent nations like not to trip witheout a toue guide .
in addition , free travel need to prepare to informaion about country .

and you will face with many differnt poelpe .
you prepare safty precautious about immedetly events .

and free trip give us strong courage .
I am able to participate in advanture for new experiment .
directly feel ...
directly taste to food ,,,, directly ardous works ...
A number of people maintain that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
While the first reaction of some people may be to disagree with this statement , there are conpelling the reasons to explore this issue more in depth .
Form my point of view , I find i agree with this statement for two reasons .

One reason that I can support is that I can control the time by myself .
For example , last year , I came to Japan with my friend because we are too crazy on shopping clothers .
Then we was lost with our tour guide .

However , the last reason why i can agree with this statement is I can do everything I like to do .
For instance , My parents want to visit my aunt when they came to LA with a tour guide , but they can not go .
They need to follow the tour guide 's schudel .
All of these reasons had influeced me more in depth .

Of I know there may be some people disagree with me , but
I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
This seems to make sensens to comercial , because they try to persueing better profit from doing it , I am going to make some points to analize it .

First , the better advertisements can deliver a good perspection to consumer , make them believe that this is the right product for them , and to have this item will benifit either thire everyday life or promote thire health , for the company knows that people seeking better by nature .

Additionally , by over describe the item , make the custumer can not resist the merits of the product , in turn they can sell thire item high in quantities and can make more profir from it .

Forethemore , in ths way the company may raise thire reputation by telling people that they are the best one who can provide the public the best thing which are the one that the customer need , and once the company suceessfully gain the reputation , it is more easy for them to do the comercial in the future , for examlpe , the Ford automabile company is not recognized by consumer , by doing advertisement , to introduce thire car charastistic which are very functional which meet the need that people expected , such as the entertainment founction , the power of the engine , as thire statment been recognized by public , they reach thire goal : to make profit .

All in all , I would say that the advertisement make products seem much better than they really are are understandable , the question is that how the consumer to distiguish the real quality with what the information they get from the comany , the consumer need make desision that what stuff is they really need .
By this days many TV programs , Shows advertisements that make products seem much better than they really are , and I agree whith this statement .

on my point of view , many factories give a wrong idea about some products , and many people believe that they can said about .
this advertisement shows miracle whith those products and the people spend their money buying thing inapropiades .

also goverment dont make nothing for change this situation and permit that continue stolen the people .
however exist many websides where you can give your opinon about this situation .
but the most important is that you think firts were you going to buy something and be sure of the product .
as a conclution is important that you dont believe in enything you can see on advertisements firts meet the object and then buy .
or obteing references of other person who have the xperience in the tipic .
and dont think all thath you can see or hear in the mass media .
have your own idea and be sure of everything of you want for have or do .
I disagree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Why people use car ?
Because car is useful .
It does not care time schedule , go somewhere directly , and can carry someting more than other trancepotaion .
If people go someplace , people use some trancepotation .
Usually they have to care some trancepotation `` s time schedule , but if they use car , they do not care it .
This is very useful .

In addition , if people use a car , they can go somewhere directly , but if they use train or bus , they have to walk or transfer after arrive station or bus stop , so car is more useful than other transportation .

Furtheremore , If people have a lot of luggage or something , they difficultly carry on the train or bus .
However , car can buring these .
Also , car can buring other people .
For example , their children or friends .
Car is more useful then other transportation .
It can decide use their request time , go someplace directly , and can carry many things .
Therefore , I think in twenty years there will not be fewer cars in use than there are today , but If someone find new transfar system , it will able to change .
My education life changes totally in the university .
At the high school , students are educated smoothly about the lessons .
Teachers ignore to provide the facts of the subjects , and teachers explain the lessons only about understanding ideas and memorizing the dates .
Especially in the history lesson that is very important to understand and learn facts .
Student should describe the history on his or her aspect .
In my opinion the most important point of education is that education is provided with its facts .

The first point i would like to make is that learning subjects with its facts is exciting .
For instance history ; in my country there was a great leader who is Mustafa Kemal Ataturk .
I heard too many things about him during all my educational life .
But at the university , students learn all facts about his life .
Therefore i wonder about him and why he dedicated his all life for turkish nation , So that i am excited and wonder , then i investigate about him .

The second point i would like to make is that learning subjects with its facts is effective way of understanding .
Without clear and real reasons any subject , especially history , could not be understandable .
It is the efficient way of education makes events clear with all its facts .

Thus I would conclude by saying that learn facts of the subject provides exciting and interesting in subject , furthermore learn facts make people understandable and more concerning to subject .
I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
as I said I do n't agree because I am also a young people and i also do n't spend that much time on my communities .
I think that it is because we , young people do not have enpough time to spend their time on there communities because of their homeworks .
they has too much homework , so they can not really concentrate what they need to do for themselves , They always get messed up in middle of their homework , they always start crying .

Also another reason that I think is that they always spend their time to play their video games .
they always thiink about finishing the game ina year or some what like that .
and also the bad thing about the video games is that their eyes will get bad .
as they do not limite how much time you can play video games a day , your eyes will burn some day .
( Which means that you wo n't be able to see anything with out the horrile glasses . )
The horrible thing about getting your eyes getting burned is thetyou wo n't be able to see anything without your glasses .
As you wake up on the morning and open your eyes you will always start off the day with the blurry world .
And the world will change for ever .
Sometimes when my mother tells me that one of her friend that got a burnt eye took a surgry and got his/her normal eye back my mom 's friend said `` I never knew that the world was this beatiful '' as she was amaze her eyes again became burt again .
so even though you take a surgery of your eyes it wo n't be any good .

So these were the reasoning that why I agreed with young people now adays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
and my own opinion is that myself also do n't give enough time helping my communities myself .
I agree most advertisements are trying to make thier products the best in the market store to achive the best silling prise and surlly they are going to make thier product much better than it seems in the reallaty .

In the one hand , what is the porpose from making an advertismens to product ?
the most important thing that is to make your product parentlly perfect and famuse to achive the goals was made for it .

In the other hand , advertisment is a successful way to communicate with customers and gives the product the ability to appear by best shap to the consumer and list the most important part and options in the product which is very necassary to create the image that you want the customers get .

For example , when we have two products and we want to make an ad
Well , I think follow the things is not sure .
For example , you tell the person to follow any thing .
Today , he follows the thing .
But it do not have to good for him .
It 's not really good .
We should let people free to do it .
It is better then before .
And I think let people all free is not good also .
I think the thing should usual .
Not only the thing .
Any thing can do follow that .
If you do not blieve that , you can do it follow I talk about .
I can tell you , most things find usual .
It is about find nature .
Follow nature is better than you follow any things .
Nature is very important for anyone .
You can see that inmany books , news , newspaper , TV , computer .
That all have the things .

And I think we can do that
Some companies show products not over they really are .
On the other hand , most companies show thier products over thire thinking by using advertisements .
I think that it is possible to occur some problems because of differences of the thought between company and customer .
I think that if company tell a truth on advertisement , the company can get aome advantages , the belifes of customer and can continue to manage for long time .
Therefor , I disagree that statement .

First of all , what company can get advantage by tell a truth is the belife of customer .
It is difficult for company to get the belife because normaly the customer do not belive others and even company .
For example , we do beginning of something , we become really carefully .
we listen many explanation not to have mistaking .
After that , we rely on the things .
Like that , if company make customers belive , customers continue to buy products .
Therefor , it is important for company not to show over thire thinking by advertisement .

Secondly , not to show over images of products means that companies can continue to manage for long time .
Most advertisement make products do not seem much better than they realy are .
fFor instant an avertiement of credit card .
As we know , a lot of offer will be assigned to you after seen the od .
But as soon as , you get in touch with the company , It become a different from what you saw or read somewhere .
Most of the time , you will see '' call and you will be appoved with no money down or credit ckeck '' which is not right once you call there .
Believe me or not they will get to the process and will take minute to minute to let you go .
Besically , most advertisements help to bring in a lot people but do not seem much better than they reallly are until you and find out .
`` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' I agree this statement , becouse when you have knowledge of many academic subjects , you will be aibble to had alot of jouises , becouse you have got alot of informaition , and you will be more secsasful in your job , you will be the joker , you can work in anything , becouse you have alot of knowledge that will help you .
tring new things

I agree that people they have to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
People have to new more things and and they have to go in risks to see lave and haw it is to learn more and to be faithfol by lave and can solve problems and more people new things more the world be in good sityweion now bady gana lose if he learnd .

Theis is my oppinun , more you learn more you be smart , if evry persen tride to do something and sheard eitsh athor the world will be fine .
My opinion is disagree .
I think young people should help their communities .
I have two reasons .
First of all , young people in other words , students have much time than working people .
After school , many students have a part-time job for earning money .
It is important for them to do a part-time job .
They can buy many cloths , shoes , snacks , and so on .
But , I want to recommend them helping their communities .
This may free .
But , they can know new things which do n't learn in the school .
For example , they can know about old people .
There are various people in communities .
So they can talk with who they do n't usually talk .
Old people know many things than young people .

Secondly , young people live in their communities too .
Not only clean their own house but also a park , a road etc .
M
Everybody needs to be learn .

Learning makes better people and lives .

During the many times I 've been learning many ways and practice since I were born .
That reason I really became a people of this society of this generations .
As I start to my first learn from the school , I had confused a lot of defferenties with I 've been knowned .

For example , my mom teachs me `` Be nice to the friend . ''
But the friends are not be nice to me eventhough i was niced to them .
I should be overcome this problem between I 've learned .
many years later , I learned about `` Matter of Fats '' .

People cannot seperate facts with knowned .
Depands on the how the people can be a better persons our facts are matter .

Therefore , my opinion is - we can be related well of knowned with facts .
It is important to have an idea of many academic subjects , but i think it is more important to specialize in one specific subject , that you can collect a lot of information about this subject , and you become more efficiant in your work , that you can discover new knowledge about this subject and new field in it , so you can get a good possetion in your work and in your life , and you become specialest in you field .

That persone who have knowledge of many academic subjects will not collect all the information about the subjects , and he will not become a qualficat persone to work in spesific jobe and to use his knowledge in this job , comparing to that persone who have specialize in one subjct .

We can think also that the persone who have specializing in one subject should have some knowledge about some subjects , cause he may use them in his life and his job , and he will be more qualefication in any field , at the same time when we think about that persone who have knowledge of many academic subject he can got any job he want , and it will give him more opprtinity in life , that the persone who is specialized in one specific subject may not have a lot of oppertionty to have good job especaly if he has a specialize in a feild which is not populer or an old subject , so he will lose the opertionity to have job , or to work in his feild .

At these days the life is more developed and thier is a lot of knowldge all over the world , and no one can collect all the knowlege , so the persone should aske about the new specialization and which is effective during a lot of years and become specialized in this subject , at the same time try to collect and read about different issue and different subject to develp his knowledge , and to have more opportinity in life .
no i do not agree bcoz when an man is sucessful he would be busy with his own duty .
he would try to go to higher heights in his own field rather than thinking of doing another things in his life for an example an normal software engineer with an salary of 10000 rs would ty to get an job which is higher than that , or else he would try to open an software company of is own .
he would never think of opening an bakery and sit in it .
it also depends on ones own mentality some people do multiple jobs in there life and fail in the race of life .
also an man doing multiple jobs in his life would suceed in his life within an short period of time but has to face many problems in life and taking to the person doing single job would suceed in life after an long time in an safe manner .
there would be no do 's and dont 's in his life if a man plans in an good manner then he would get the sucess in short period of time , so planing is the must
I think the helping one 's communities is important

Now , Our country say the moral is less than 20 years ago .
I consider the reason , It is less comunicate for their communities .

Today , We can live without rerationship with others .
For example , we can buy every thing on Internet .
we did n't know the both side porson in lining apartment .

Therefor , we shold make the chance for take more relation with communities .

We make a rule that young people have to run in hospital , police office and any other activity helping their communities .
If we decided it , the communities will have more high energy with young person .
Young person will have chance the relationship .

In summary , If young person hane enough time to helping the communities , the comunity get the power ,
People have different opinions on whether it is more important for students to understand idea or to learn facts .
I strongly believe that it is more important for students to understand problem than it is for them to learn facts .
First , students should learn accuratly about idea .
Second , deep problems are required understand to solve idea .
Let me explain in detail .

To begin with , Many students are expected to understand concepts from their teacher or schoool .
Teachers should have more responsible to teach for their children .
Let me show an example .

If I have a hard time to study difficult math part , it is nessesary to solve time .
But If I do not understand principle of that problem , I can not solve .
That 's because why I think more to understand idea than to learn facts .
Next , We should know cause and result solving problem
Travel is very good idea to fined fun .
First , I will told you about traveling .
Traveling is the best way to enjoy whit you famely or your firends .
I thnink traveling with group is more fun and enjoyabel .
They talk and help eashe ather .
In facet I prefer the firend to travel togther , because if some think happen or problems they can fined the good answer fot it .
I like to travel with my firend to other citys .
Socond , when they traveling you should be carfull enogh .
I traveled with my firend many times for many countriys .
All my firend travel togther , because they kowe that is very good trip and they spent him times very well .
In facet traveling is dengorous , because the road has many serpriceing things , When I drove I take sure Iam very fresh to drive and I focous very well .
Many people they slept , Whem they drive .
This porbleme I care about it .
finally as I told the traveling is dangarous any wher in the wold and more fun .
I agree with the idea there will be less cars in twenty years than now for four reasons : oil prices increases , the devolepment of more thecnology , the more projects of citys ' street than now , and the unsafty of cars .
Maybe it is true that the prices of cars begins to decline , but that can not stop skip that cars will be fewer in the future .

The increase of oil prices has maken people feel dread about buying cars .
Because sometimes you have to pay more money in oil than the price of your car .
For example , my friend has pay one thousend dollars in his car and after three months he evaluated the oil he puts in his car and it was five thosund dollars .

Technology have make the usage of car unesecary .
for example , the microbus is cheaper than car , more saftely , and more comfortable .
you can buy for example a ticket for train for only one cent .
In japan , technology appered to be benefical for people than cars and that because in the train 's gates there is a map show you where are the location you want by pressing on it .

In twenty years , the cities will grow gradually to the point that cars used only in musems .
Because there will be more shops near from your house so you do not need a car for going to the shop you want .

Cars acciedents is li
I disagree with the statement .
Because I think ideas and concepts are made by people .
If each of the people lives in different countries , each of ideas and concepts are different even though they think about same thing .

For example , I would like to talk about World War 2 .
My grandfather joind the war as a soldier when he was 20s .
His idea is that the war was made by several countries governments .
The Japanese government is one of them .
My brother said that did the Japanese government start the war when he saw a movie ` Pearl Harvar ' .
He had little doubt it at that time although he had already learned the war at hisory classes for more than ten years ago .
Some Korean friends asked me if I felt guilty for the war and Korean .

All of these ideas are not official statements .
But I am sure many people have same ideas as those people .
They knew about some of the facts .
I think if I understand each of ideas without the facts , it is not real understanding .

When I want to understand some ideas and concepts , I should focus on what the ideas and concepts were caused by .
This is the most important thing for understanding .
I agree with that , it is better to travel with a tour guide that travel alone .
It is less expensive that travel alone because you always pay for the hole trip ( if you pay to a travel agengy for the trip you pay all inclusive : the plane , the tikets , the hotels , the food and they give you the tour guide and the security )
You do n't enjoy alone .
You are always with peoples .
You are always sharing , speeking , talking , laughing .
You are never bored .
If you go to an interest place the travel guide are going to explain you the history of that place , why they construct that monument , what means , etc .
If you do n't speak the language of that country the tour guide can help you to understand the language or he can translate you whatever you want .
You ca n't loose , because they are always taking care of you .

They are going to help you with anything information that you need .

The tour guide is always nice , if they work alone they will give you the best price ( for you choose them ) .
I think that it is a good option for not travel alone .

The tour guide is a person that knows a lot about the place that you are visiting in that moment .
He is worried about you .
He can help you in save your money .
They are honest people .
Many works for the government too ( in my country you will see tours guides that are paying for the government ) .

I do n't a
I agree .
Because oil will be nothing and we ca n't use cars later .
But , I think appear new attraction soon .
For example , can fly car and so on ...
But car is very important for us now .
If we live in not city , ca n't go shopping , go to school easily .
we hope more convinient .
Do n't use oil is kind for envioment .
Wonderful !!
It is believed that young people nowadays do not give enough time and response on their communities .
I am agree with the statement , young people do not eve have enough time to interact with others .

People in the past liked to communicate with people , with their neighborhood , with family members , with students at school .
Now it seems to me that they give more response to computers they have around , to i-pods they have in their pocktes and to any technology witch is facninating them .
They dont have anough time for other things beacuse they just see the fact of 0's and 1's the same as the digital life , only true and false .
So , there will be no other things around bothering them .
Old man trying to cross the road , child running trough the car on the road , rubish trown on the road will not bother them at all because they have their own life , own world as tehy have nothing to share with others .

The real fact is that , no education supporting the idea that young people should pay more response to their community is made .
Schools , goverment or families are also responsible .
There might be a will of helping their communities on young people but i dont really see the act suppporting them .
Eventhough they have an idea to do so , they are busy with school homeworks and projects more then helping tehir community .
In my openion , I really disagree with make the producte seem much better than they really are because it will liy to the people , west the people money and west time .

Most advertisements liy to the people when they make the products seem much better than they are .
They make tant just to take the money from the people without trouth and that unfair .
You have to tell the coustomer the truth to be awear for the products , and the the coustomer have the chooise to choose which one will be better to himself .
If you liy to your coustomer , you are liy to yourself , because one day the coustomer will know and then will leave you .

If you make your produsts much better than is it , you aer not just liying to your coustomer , but also west they money .
They work everyday to get the money and they work hard to find thr money that can cover they family from food and clothes .
Then the advertisements take the money in the easiest way with untrouth products .
That in not good way to have the money .
You have to get money in the right way to be happey and the coustomer more happey .

last things I would like to take about is westing time for bouth of them .
The advertisements west his time to do nothing and not true , and the coustomer west his time to lisente to the advertisements when they liy .
Then bouth of them will det nothing and some time will be bad because to may go to fight between bouth of them .

For all that reasones , I really disagree with the advertisements to make the products seem much better than they are .
That is liying noy seeceed in the life .
Although some people says young people should not enjoy life more than older people do , I agree that young peole enjoy life more than older people do .
Because of 2 reasons : knouwledge and health .

First of all , naturally , young people have more less knowledge than old people .
For example , siociety , some actives , and many things .
Therefore young people should experience many things .
But they sould n't affraid to fail .
They should enjoy every new experiences .

Second of all , generally , most of young people have health body .
And in future , we need to keep our health so people who can move their body activity - young people - should develop their health .
However stress leads people bad condition so they should enjoy life .

For these reasons , I agree that young people enjoy life than older people do .
Successful people shoul not try new things especialy it involved risks .
There are mainly three reasons which are life time is limited , people is not living by themselves , and we have place to lurn how to reduce risks .

First , our life time is limited .
If a person try to be a successful parson , it requres many efforts to reach the goal .
At the same time , spending huge amount of time is needed .
Therefore we spend most of life time to achive a gole , and most of the time there is no extra time fore anther time for spending .
And there are approplieit age to do everythings .

Second , in generally we usually have family , and we need to support the family .
It makes hard to take any risks which may become a case to seperat the family .
Forthermore , it is imppsible to throw away the family rerationship becase I believe the relrationship is the most important thing in owr life .

Finaly , we have place to lurn how to reduce the risks .
Even if a new charenge cost the own life , some people cannot stop try to start new thing .
In this case we have pleace to go to avoiding the risk and get the knowlage before start new thing .
It is universitis or colleges which give us the new life style .
After graduet the university or college , it makes esier , at the same time the new thing become familiar thing .

These three reasons are very enought to say that successful people should not try the new things with risks .
And there are so many other choices and so many way to avoid the risk .
young people enjoy life becuse whn do any thing they are not care .
becuse they not have resbonsebl .
in this time if you go to all shoping center you will find all toyss for all young people , for older people normaly its like in aour cantry must of older people they as afther and looking after the cheldren and they have to preper all things fo a fammily .
the young people they have a good live becuse they still stadying and still not take any responspol off live , the older people same off thim as abig boss our as manegare or vimans person and the older poeple looking after him salf from helthiy said , but the young people they are not carre about helthiy all the time like to try every thing , butt all the young people .
also not all the older people looking after him salf same of thim not care off him salf
I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts it is for them to learn facts .
It usually for the students to know how they make a good life and understanting the fact .
Not only for the students but also in every peson in this life .
Learning facts is how to make your minds open .
There is many reasons for my agreement , it makes the student have more understanding for anything , and to keep the idea in his head .

Any student must make concepts the idea for him to understant the idea exactly .
If he concepts the idea and he understand it very well , he would not forget it any more , and he will learn the facts by this way .
For very simple example , if the student takes in the school that if he will not wash his hand before the meal , he would have a stomech aeche , so he will do it any more .

Not only for the student but also for any pearson , even children or adults peaple .
In their job or in their house they should concept evrything for them self to know it correctally or exactly .
Anybody should konw the fact for everything to make them minds open , therefore , it make them very understanding person to talk with them .

In conclusion , understanding idea and concept it for them is very good idea to know the fact exactly .
Knowing the fact is some thing very important to be an open minds person .
knowledge is nothing but the detailed information .
knowledge of the accadamic subjects and the knowledge of specialised subject or interest of area .
i preffer the broad knowledge on the accadamic subjects .

intoducing a new subject are very usefull to us .
in the subject of acadamic have a basics and some deatiles about the subject .
because of this deatils are very usefull to the human life and future also .
for example take mathematic subject , in this we have calculations and divisions , etc. mathematics subject come up to the undergraduation .
mathematics are very use full in calculations of heights of the mountains we are using the integration , it is one of the mathematic topic .
although mathes are using in physial department also .
every subject have relation to each other subject .
knowledge is dewine .
knowing of the new subject is very interesting as well as slightly difficult , because the subject new to the student they can fell little more difficult compare to the other subject .
ouer mind have a grat stability so we can have knowledge of all acadamic subject means thats not going to be difficult .

although knowledge in the specific subject is not going to help to the future , now a days the new technologies are coming to the world .
we should have a knowlede of the acadamic subjects .
in acadamic they are introducing new tecnologies and topics which are going to be use full to the student thats go ing to change rapidlly .
take aexample as a computer .
in old day computer is not there .
now a days computers r must and should to the student .
the knowkedge should be the newly arravied and old also .
so the knowledge on specific subject is not best .

how ever the knowledge of the acadamic subjects r going to be vwery helpfull .
by learning a specific topic thebroad knowledge of the acadamic subjects is good
The value of society has of late undergone drastic change .
It gives an extint values of people to each and every aspect in society .
The fudility which demands that we changed to fores the idealistic goods of society as a practical ones .
The people are very practical about the cost of integrity but it is identified into the society .
The people are abvously need jobs and absolutly yearn money to measure according to the material growth and appears at growth of income , The persentage of small people also in such a way .
If they were in that which and idelisium that referst to fores .
If this came then the `` success will be money '' and it will be misflits by them .
As a result the idealisum tends to make foundation in society .
And the successful people will reach their goals .

The people who are a noraml person at first .
They done work hard and perspestiveness in work will makes them a honourable preson called successful person .
This successful person try new things and take risk by trying on that becose they already known about the work .
So , they will try untill they reach their destination .
Forexample : A great personMr .
Ramoji , who was first normally came with pckles shop and now he was familior with filmcity which was made by hime Although , they are beeing reputed in society they choose already known things becouse its gives a new idea to them and they will not satisfied in work by doing again .
For example : if software engineer was known program he will do again the same program for people .
And no risks in this to do .

Therefore , people who are honourable they try new things even thpugh is a risk to them rather than making same work again and again .
I agree with this statement .
Because we will see many other travelers and will speak them in a group travel .
So we can make a lot of friends and can have a great time with them .
I think travel which there are new friends is more exciting than travel in alone .
Also , tour guide is importnt .
They are guide for famouse plaeces and explain about that .
If we go to travel in alone , we will study about many things .
Yes , i agree the following statement `` in twenty years ther will be fewer car in use then today '' .the usege of car depend uponpopulation .
bcoz population is one factor to increesing the use of the car .
today man life is very tight with his schudule here time factor is most importent , so many peple are prepfer to buy car .
this has somany advantages are there one is to travel with his family with out facing any problem .

Today public transpotatoin line bus , train etc are avialaba but the problem is in this trans potation we have face somany people .
it will take time also some time we will miss our work .
thats way suppose we r haveing car we travel anyware in cirrect time .
one disadvatage having many cars is trafic .
so we fallow the trafic rules correctly .
and we haveing car will save lot of time .
after twenty years the population nis defnatley incresed so fewer car5s in use there are today .

Today every person life busy with his work and schudle .
and ever man prefer change in his lifestyle .
so ever body prefer to buy a car becausethe car rate are very chep .
and the market annouce so many offers .
so every body prefer to buy a car .
so every to take cre about the pollution .
if we take some care about pollution is must .
use of good gas we will reduce pollution some what .
in twenty years the population is increseed then need of wil , l also incresed .

So in my opinion In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The publicity news papers , televition and radio can use your mind .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , because they use our imagination to put a lot of things into and a round their products and are not true are your imagination , they play with your needers and what do you like to present a new product .

The litle companies can use less the advertisements for the handle products , they need other things to go to the custumers , for exaple they use the quality of each product for invite you to use the new product , they do n't use to make their product toxic sustances or similar things to invited the custumer to taste the new product and find better options for their health .

The big companies can use more the advertisements to their products because they have a lot of money in their publitician departaments , for example they use a especial event to put in circulation some new drink because they need a lot of people to taste the new flavour and put new sesation in their fashionable new product .

In conclusion , I think the advertisement put a lot of things in the new product , because they use the people mind their use the imagination , in especial what do you need listening about the new product , they use how the people want to listening or read or show and put a lot of qualities in their new product to invete you to taste the new product and if not true all the things they say .
In my opinion in th coming years there will fewr cars left in th country side as it is today .
There are many reasons , it is realy unsafe to walk on the road .
The polution level is increasing , it diffcult to live in metropoliton cities .

Firstly , as the popullation of the countris is increasing so ther is much less space is required to built up the roads , which cause the people to send lot of time on the stops for green signal .
As the time important key for each and every one people use to travel shortest distance on bicycle .

Secondly , the fossil feuls are depleating , which is only the fuel for the cars .
In the coming years when it will be finished that bring hault of the cars .
As the cars are generating to much noise and air pollution , the will harder there rule in the future which will decrease the number of vehicles in the future .
In my opinion awareness must be brought in the people mind to make less use of cars as tey are threat to the society .

Thirdly , the public transport is much convinent and cheap for the people to travel .
The metros are the best example to trvel within the city .
In the coming years , the government will prefer to spend on researches which give benifit to the whole society not to the specific class of people .

In conclusion , i want to say that it might be possible that the public tranport take the place of cars .
It may be possible that in the coming future be may trvel the longr distancs through the aeroplane .
As the chance of accidents are increacing the people may prefer public transport than the private cars .
Or scienties found air as the safer way to travel people may have another means of transportation .
I agree that to have broad knowlege of many academic is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
I have two reason why I agree this opinion : the goal of education and feature of modern society .

First of all , the goal of education makes a good person who is adapted the society .
To make a good person , the school teaches many academic subjects .
Because the person must study the many academic subjects , he would be adapted the society .
For example , two high schools in Korea had another curiculums .
The one had many academic subject in curiculum , and the other high school had a one specifiec subject in curiculum .
Which high school 's students were succeeded ?
Answer is the former .

Also , the modern society wants to multipalyer who performs various tasks .
As one might expected , to specilize in one specific skill is better than to have broad skill of various field .
However , this society make a multiplayer .
In my experience , I work my company which has many tasks .
Because I do n't have no various academic knowledge , I can not promote the manger first time .

It is commly belived that to specilize in specific subject is better than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
But , this opnion is not available nowadays .
To know many things is allowed to victory the competitions .
I agree with that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two main reasons to couse this fact happened .
One is the advertisment company have to present the best influent to the comsumer as product owner required .
The other one is high technology could make everything to appear perfectly .
The purpose of advertisments is making products lively , since most of products can not talk for themselve .
For example , to promote perfume , advertiser will fine a famours movie actress or actor to show how satified when they wear this perfume .
As today 's technology , all of products can look like flawless .
Using the computer graphic function can show the products more colorful , and tasty .
Like car can ran fast than reality .
That 's the reason i agree with that most a
AGREE The traveling with a group is good tour guide because whenever you go some where with the group so this is a good chance to know much more about the new places and this could be better amusement for you .
This is also the fact that you do n't need to travel in a group because somewhere you feel like to go alone and most of the peoples do n't want the company of others this is why this thought can not be applyed to every one .

Most of the peoples really want a company of some people because they do n't want to travel in group .

According to the tour guide it may be the best way because in your group most of the peoples know and they can give you the better idea that where you have to go and wher you can get a lot of fun and they can tell you where you are going wrong .

As a matter of fact it might be a good tour gide .
Traveling is very importen to the peoples to know about world and in group ti could be might as well .
I agree with this opinion that succeful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they arleady know to do well .

The reason i agree with this opinion is that succcss has something to do with people 's mind .
if someone trying to something that they want to it , they can make success someday .

Another reason is that trying to make success by developing own personality .
For example , i usually rode a bike to go to school , once time i trid to drive my father 's car , when i first took a car , it is really difficult for me to handle a car , but the more i drive , the easier and more intrested .

However , somepeople make their own success by doing only one way because they ususlly do it onething that they already know how to do well .
In conclusion , people who try to do new things is good .
I totally agree with the opinion that successful people tend to take risks .
In deed , doing just ordinary thing is stable .
At the same time , however , it 's not inspire the next .
I suppose that if people do n't take any risks , they feel bored and have limits to more success .

My grand father could success his job .
He did a lot of things in his job .
At first , he started chinese restaurant .
As soon as this is success , he started opening another restaurant which is forcused on beer .

In my grand father 's era , beer is not as popular as now .
He rialized this situation .
Then he opend his another restaurant called `` beer garden '' .
Actually he was not first person who started beer garden , but his second restaurant was more success than first chinese restaurant .

I think he could success for the following reasons .
He did not feel risky at all , when he established his new business .
Whereas it seems that he was glad to start new thing .
It is important that doing new thing is glad to .
although traveling with group under special programm is a good idea and number of people prefer it , i strongly agree with travling with out any previous guide .
in fact , i have two reasons to support my opinion , first of all , from my personal experince i think people may gain more self confedint so , thy can perform every thing an they will increase the abilitty to comunicate with diffrent aspectS .
As an example of this is when a person travel to china for trading and he did not prepare any thing , in the begining he might have som problems , but after while he will get more benefits .

the second reason is that i need to learn more english language .
in order to contact with people in forgin country .
so , ihave to listen carfuly , use my hand to explane , foucs on the way they thak with and try to make agood relationship with them .
inrelation to this , take an example of iner national students and thier experince in this kind of travling on the other hand , travlling with guide may be more fafe , ornanized , and conveniant .
to sum up , in my opinion i pefer to travel with out guide for the previous reasons .
In my opinion , most advertisement should not make products seem much better that they really are .
This is because , it will be more confusing , and the consumers will be disappointed .

If the advertisements are much better that real products , it is same as the companies told a lie .
I you bought the products affected by the advertisements , you feel the products are different from the products which were shown by the advertisements .
Therefore , the products actually differ , and the advertisements , in fact the companies , must be fake .

If the avobe situation was happened , what are you going to feel ?
I think probably you get upset .
This is because the products which you bought are worse than the products which were shown by the advertisement .
So you must feel the companies are liers .

I have an example of such situation .
One day , I bought the elextronic souces , and the advertisement of the product showed `` The electronic souces are keeped for 1 year '' .
I looked the sentence before I bought , and also I decided buying it from the sentence .
At first , the electronic souces worked comfortably .
However , about 1 month later , the elecronic souces did not work , it meant the product became empty .
In fact , the product was not keeped for 1 YEAR , it was only keeped for 1 MONTH .
Then , of course I got upset , because the advertisement was a lie .

In conclusion , when the companies make the advertisements , they should not show the product much better than real product , because it is absolutely a lie .
The life is change : my parents when they were child do n't enjoy life as young people live today .
On the one hand thirty years ago the life was very different between today because there were n't all attractive that there is today .
For example today the young people go to the disco every saturday night and become to home at the end part of the night ; my parents usually tell me that when the week end came they went to the cinema in the afternoon and after they returned to home ; often they went to restaurant after the cinema .

Moreover today young people have a cellular : partents can call everytime their children but I think that this elements could create a limit for the comunication between child and their friends or family .

On the other hand the world change day after day and it 's wright that the people accept the news and the differents ; I think that the parents must control their children for not exagerate in requests .

On balance I think that it 's wright that young people enjoy life because a lot of years ago their parents enjoy life too .
`` In twenty years there will befewer cars in use than there are today '' .
This statement can tell me a person who do n't belive in the progres of any cities .

There are the people , that say this , because they use the car only twice on the week , but for example , an transporter that use the truck or the her car for th eher job , he cannot think minimally , that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today .

In my opinion is that there are will be many cars in use in the next future .
One reason , for my opinion , is that the cars is one important part of progres , because what will began the world , is there decrease the number of car .

I think will there are more problem on the trasport sector , prahps the only point better of view is that there are littel pollution on the air , that we breathing every day .

To resolve this problem thare are different solution , that can be an change of kind of car 's engine , as a engine that has as power the idrogean or the light 's solar .

Therefore , I hope a world with few car , but this is not possible , because the people is increasing and they need job , and last ring of this cirle is a transport with cars .
Though to specialize in one specific subjects is good , broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than it .
There is two reason .
First , it is important for us to live everyday .
If we do not learn many academic subjects at the elementary school , junior high school , high school and university , we face many oroblems in society .
For example , a lots of adults would become telling the most important things .
If children watch such a adults , children would become bad , too .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after that we learn specialize in one specific subject .
So we are able to get a lots of knowledges .
Nowadays , a lots of people learn a subject who likes .
I think that if such a person incresed , That country will die out .

Such two reasons , I think that we should learn more academic subjects than to specialize inone specific subject .
Young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I would agree with this statement .
When you go to big city you would see this , that everyone mindess his own business .
The poor guidness youth have these days will keep them away from there community .

Where you live always explains alot about who you are .
People from the city tend to have a stuck up attuide and minding there own business .
Say your from a city and someone has a flat tire next to your house .
There will be a very little chance that he might come and help you .
Which will be the oppoiste in a little town where people are more connected togther .

Finding a good leader or teacher to guide young people is hard thing these days .
Who will get them on the right track .
Who will tell them thats wrong and thats right .
Also teach them how to respect others and how to respect life .
If you look closley to youth in cities you would no notice that most of them have no respect for older people .
Also a very high number of them are on drugs and alchole .
Which plays a big role in keeping them away from there communites .

In conclusion , todays ways of living has a big impact on young people way of thinking and being in touch with people .
Also the dark road of drugs and alchole have another reason way young people stay away .
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities at all , and this will have very harmful effects on the community in the future .
Why are they not giving enough time to helping their communities ?
I think because the are busy enjoying their life , having fun , busy in life , Just thinking in them selfs , they are not thinking in others .

They will face the results in the future .
For example : poor people nobody take care of them , except when we have a problem and you can do nothing you will go to god and ask god to solve your problem and you will make an agreement with god that if your problem was solved , lets say you will give the poor people food , and thats because they do n't think in poor people at all .

This is not the big problem .
The problem is that in the future thoes povierty that the young generation didnot takecare of will start to act agressively maybe by murders , stealing toward this community and it will be very hard to stop them .

I believe that the best way to prevent this is by taking care of these people , who knows they might help the community in someway or other , for example : Mickale jorden , the best basketball player all over the world and he is very famous , this guy when he was young he couldnot efford to join a club , but when he found the care he bacame a star and now all the world knows him .
what i mean that we can help these people by persuading people to help the , Why do n't we make a special day in the year that all people an the world in this day will support the by anything , money , food blankets , anything , even used books , anything we might not find it useful for us maybe it will be usefull for them .
Nowadays , we can see lots of advertisements in any where , in the train , bus or on the television and any time when we walk on a street or read newspaper .
Most of advertisements are attractive and wonderful ; howvere , I believe that they make products too better than producuts or goods really are because they always point out only profits of goods , never say disadvantage .

When I see advertisements , I concentrate on their `` beautiful pictures '' that I am often confused whether they are ture or not .
I think the picture in the advertisement show products ' look too good that it appeares clear color , clean , and sometimes it change products ' size ; therefore I often decive by the picture .
Even though recent technology of camera or photo is increasing , the advertisement should make the products naturally .

I wonder that the comments of the advertisement is too parfect even though everyone knows that it is for proceding to sell because I have seen only great comments or explantions .
I know that it is important to write or say advantages , but hope that it is helpful if I can
in my oponion and my life experinces i agree with this satmant the people who is successful always try to do anew things that is not done befor and looking forward to found and descover new things , for example a professor in universty who is succesed in his reseach always try to find a new ideas for rearch and develpment , wher the researcher try do new experment he may affect him self for a kind of risk a becouse he do something new and investegate some thing that 's no one do befor .

successful person may investegate a new things that cause allow the secince to go on and reach a new level of technolgy and advaice all this can be done by the person who try to find some thing new and he do n't acre about the risks

on the other hand the tradional person who alwys do and repete the use the known methdo to do things will be never add anything to sicene and technology and they stel need other to learn the the new method to do thing

sueccful person should alwys try to find somthig new in and investegate and method to do thing becouse this enable the this person to do the same this in more than one way and this give him self confiedt , rather than the tradional person who just repet somthin known

at the end any socal need succeful people to take this soical forward not trantional people , but they must take kare when they do a new thing nd discover new method .
I disagree with the idea that the number of the cars in use will decline in two decades .
There are two reason for this : convinience and necessity .
First , cars are really convinient .
It enables you to carry a lot of things when you go shopping and to go many sights like seaside area .
Recent survey shows that two third of family in rural areas of Japan have their own cars to parchase things , go to work and so on .
This fact illustrates that cars are necessary for these people .
This trend is not going to be changed in twenty years as long as rural areas exist .
Moreover , cars are demanded even in city area .
You can see much traffic jam in Tokyo , Osaka .
and Nagoya .
So , people will continue to enjoy the convinience of the cars .

The second reason is that cars are necessary for developing country and countrys which have big soil .
Cars play an important role to develop a country .
For example , things which is used to make hauses must be transported by cars .
Big countries ca n't make train rail
I agree that young pepole nowadays do not give their communites the required time in order to help them in a sufficient way , ther are many reasons that support my point of view , and I will discuss them here .

first of all , young people nowadays tend to spend their time in unuseful activites without being care of the importance of their behaviours , they want to spend their free time speaking with their friends about unimportant things , such as a television series , consequently , they will not find enough time to help poor people or to improve agood idea in order to serve the local people in their community , such as , cleaning the streets and planting trees .

Second , young pepole prefer investing their time doing their special works and requirement , rather than participating in a common activity that will benifit the others .
they see that their time is owned for them only .

Third , each one of them want to be the best , so he/she try not to help the others and not to enhance any thing around him like the education in his/her community .
he/she like to get the best chnces , oppurtinities and to deprive the others from them .

In conclusion , I agree that youngs restrect their time on themselves and not to benifit their communities .
Effecively young people enjoy life more than older ones do .

the youngster is a period olife when we discover all around us , the adventure : it s then the moment to discoverall surrounding us with love , to have the first touch to the nature with e power of the maturate senses , mussles .
the moments we enjoy the beauty , and then leads us to love .
the first experience whith no limits to stop .
the desirre to move to practice sports to try different hobbies .

thus youngs build plans as small as they can be , they try hard to acheive them .
we can say that make dreams reality .
i still remember my thwenties and even alittle before the schedule i was able to do , the day , the week .
the fun ihave in studying , practicing sport , having fun with friends , wich i cannot afford now in the forties .

the projects that a young can have give feel
I agree with statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
Advertisement is main used to promote a product .
and also to reach the public .
reasons why advertisements made like that because to promote the sales of the products .
for an example if u take an automobile advertisment .
They show the paticular vechicle in different angles with you of sophiscated digital camera 's to attract custmers .
if they could not do these how can they sale their products .

Advertisement deptartment was one of the greater creative field the subject taker should greater anyalsis capabality .
because the subect has desiened like these .
when a paticular product has to be advertised by a director he had paticular specification by the manufacture of the product .
wat we called a draft .
he has to fellow the draft and features of the product which should be highligted in videos .
they use three techinques in making a advertisements .
whether it should be used to advertise as a audio , or printed on big boards , or video .
depending on that they decide a draft and they should fallow these instructions .

since advertisements are you used to promote the product .
it is nothing wrong in showing the product much better .
unless he is not effecting any one 's personal feelings or religious feelings .
they use these techinque to reach the people and communicate about their product .
for example if you want make a pizza advertise .
They uses world class chef 's to cook and to desiegn it .
when you go to eat pizza it not be look like but you can satifies with taste .
from above reason i can claer state that it is not at wrong to show the produts much better than really look .
except to medical products .
the false may once health .
so , I agree with statement
What is a succussful people ?
Usually People will say that he should be famous and do very well in a particular thing .
But in my opinion , if you want be a succussful people , you should have brave to try new things and take risks .

First of all , if people try new things , it is easier and fast to success .
Because in this developed society , competition is the most important problem for companies or schools .
We should invent a new techinoli to make differences from others that decreases the competition .
Although it has more risks that doing what people know how to do well , several people still want to challege what common people usually ca n't do , It 's easire and fast for them to be successful .

Secondly , successful people have brave to challege himself .
People wants to increase the vaule of himself , so thet decide to try new things .
In the course of our lifetimes , most of people get education .
I agree with that satement .
to understand ideas and concepts are more important than it is for them to learn fact .
first , to understand ideas and concepts leave long time to mind .
second , to understand make students find facts themselves .
these reasons developing this essay .

Frist , to understand ideas and concepts leave long time to students mind or brain .
That means , just learn facts are not going to leave temporaty to students .
because they know about facts thus they are not try to find facts .
for example , I have been read the article which is about student 's studying behavior .
it tells about when students solve the threir math problems , some student can see the answer sheets , however others ca n't .
the result is to solve the math problems without the answer sheets students keep try to understand find the answer and to understand .

Second , to understand ideas and concepts make students find facts thenselves .
if before they knew about the fact of problem , they do not want to get proof of the problem .
it makes student lazy .
if always students get fact easily , they can not adoped with to understand idea .
for example , here is one student , who knows fact but does not know how to ~ ?
or why ?
that student can not develop own ability .

In conculusion , the best way is to understand ideas and concepts and than find or learn fact .
and the fastest way is to learn facts .
however , student have to learning whatever also they have to keep trying own their works .
therefore more important for atudents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Just like math , ideas and concepts are processes and answer is facts .
I think most of the teacher would like students to understand solve problem 's process not understand what the answer is .
If you have right process for the problem but get wrong answer that teacher suppose give you point , if you get right answer but your process not correct that will let your teacher doubt you `` how did you get this answer ? ''
Understand process that would easier to know how to solve the problem but know the answer ca n't sure you know how to solve problem .

It is important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
Facts are dead , ideas and concepts are living .
Fact always have one but you may have the other thinking in the mind for your ideas or concepts and if you study deeply , it may overthrow original facts .
That why understand ideas and concepts is more important for learn facts .

Sometimes learning ideas and concepts can make you easier to understand , we can find something trick among them .
What is your thinking , your concepts or your ideas , like math have many of way to solve problem not just one .
My university is a specific academy for design , but I think that know many subjets is very important , for allways work that I will do .
I am going to do an architect , in this work is more important known the disegn but also history , matematics and phisic , for this I study many subjects .
In the 1900 the architets designed all of the house not only structures , this competense needed of many subjects , I will became an completly architect .
If I studing only one subject I do not known if I will do well my work .
This is my opinion .
Most people think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Even some advertisements has a this problem , however , I disagree with this statemenet .
There are two major reasons .

To begin with , I bleive that advertisements contatin information how or when to use .
Seeing the comercial in the TV , we know that what products are sutable or when we can use its .
Last week , my younger sister got the cold .
So , I had to buy medcine .
But I hastated that to see various medcine what medine is avaible .
I remaind the asprin comecail in the TV .
Finnaly , I was able to choose the sutable medcine on my younger sister 's symptums so that advertisements help choose among various product which is corrected .

In addintion , Advertisements reduce the time which mean is we do not have go to the many shop .
By watching the Advertisments in the TV , we can compare among many goods sit on the sofa .
Last month , I needed to buy digtal-camera .
But , I did not have enough information anything about that .
So , I had to go many shop and compare many digtal-camera .
If I had watched comercial about it , I would not had to waste time .

Consquently , most advertisements help people to buy desiable .
Because it has a useful information and it reduse the
In twenty year car will be fewer than today .
I strongly to say agree .

Fisrt , now a days gasolins fee inclusing day by day .
For example , last month gasolin cost was 128yen / little but , after 1month later cost is 134yen / litter this is what happening in Japan .
So nobody want to drive a car .
Drive a car , It is only waste money .

Not only reason for a cost , between the people now trending NOT NEED A CAR LIFE wich means some helthy people do not need a car , they are taking walk , ride a bycicle or tak a subway not using taxi .
people always care about money and helth .

Third reason we afraid of Oil peak .
according to the news that in 5years all of oil will be gone and nothing to grow up any other oil line .
oil is nessary for our life eventhough people waste oil such as drive a car .

This statement say In twenty years cars will be fewer than today but I think Its happen in 5yeasr .
we are keeping waste oil now , how could be takes twenty years .
its not such a long term it will be soon .

so I strongly to say agree cars will be fewer than today .
first of all \ I think to be achcive what we want we shoulld take risk / for example there are some people who are succesful and did good and useful thins in the past took risk / if everybody does what they know how new things are discovered / in the past / some people tried new things and by means of these things our life is easier/for instance / one of the well known scientist who tried 2000 things when tried to discover what he want to

i was working for a company / in my company I did what I know / every day I did the same th'ng and it was really bo'ng / however i want to take r'sk / altouhg my salary was not bad ; i dec'deded to set up my own company / in a few mounts i was really in bad condat'on / i couldnt f'nd enough money and i sald my house / however now i am happy in addition succesful in my field /

To sum up / in my opinin making diffirence that is succes/of course in good ways/so it diffucult but to make difference in this world some people should take risk / as we see these people are succesful and happy in genarel /
I agree with this opinion .
when i was traveled thiland by myself .
there was too many problems happend .
as im a girl .
i was threatend my securities .
it was really stressful .
and i ca n't conversation with thai peoples .
i did n't know how to deal with many problems like housings , eatings ..

so travel in a group led by a tour guide has many beneficial .
First of all , you will protect from a guide and group .
security is very important when you are traveling new places .
Secon reason is that tour guide knows well about travel and which place is recomendable .
so you do n't need to spend your time for considering about which place is more good to travel .

Third reason is that you do n't need to worry about housing and eatings .
generally a tour guide is speak a very good local language and a tour guide leds group of a people .
so fee for room is more cheap .
and most tour companies related to bunch of hotel changes .
if you travel as a group member you do n't need to worry about food. a tour guide helps you what you eat on the travel .
all you need to do is just enjoy your vacation
In the fast growing society young people are not giving enough time to help thier communty .
I strongly agree to the above statement .

Now a days youngsters are not at all helping there fellow members if they are in help .
If any accident occur on the road no one will bother about that because they are fear if they help and take to hospital it will come to his hands .
If u do like this if come to you it will be the same .
So we should be helpful to the community when ever we need .

As the world growing faster the helping nature is going down .
people are eager to earn money they do not want to help fellow people when they are in need .
I recomend to young people to help people those who in trouble and dont let them tell thanks and ask them to help atleast three people those who are in need and say the thing what i told above .
So that it will be like a chain and one or other day they will be cant see problem people .

By this process we can sevre people those who are really need .
And by doing this it will help our nation be proud and the fellow nation will see us and learn .
And main thing is that now a days young people are seeing that family is nice or not that 's it .
But it is your responsibility to see your fellow community is having problem or not .

I conclude that we the youngster should spend time for people those who really need help .
So that it will be helpful for the nation and it also helps our prosperity .
A graet man said before in a long time ago `` the small ones are the once who rise the city up or take it down '' .
His words were right because that was the truth .

Nowadays kids refuse to help others and they wo n't give enough time and effort to help thier community .
I think that this is a great big fact .
So , I agree with the statment for two resones .

First , nowaday teenagers do n't do what they are supposed to do and they do n't carry the responsibility of thier behaviors .
They always act sush as babies and never care about any thing exept if they will have something as an effort if they took care about that thing .
That 's a bad acting and wo n't help them even when they grow up because that effects thier community .
In this way , thier children will act the same way and there wo n't be any exampels of cooporation .

Another thing is that the young people are more active and have more potinsules , so they can effored more than the older ones and they truly can rise their community by helping it and taking with it hand .
And so , every one can live in a nice , loving and cooporatoinal sosiaty .

In the end , I would refear that young poeple should do thier jobs and help their community to rise and be better .
Of curse it is very important for students to understsnd ideas and concepts whay we say that ??
because if students under stand ideas and concept thay can make some realiton ship between things and discover many new things in this life more than things they learning yn thear schools I think the main think in this topic is the theory of teaching in our class if we think by the tradshnal way we will foucs about teaching facts but if we understsnd anew teching theory we will must go teach ideas and concepts I bleave that evry teacher need to study at first how to learn and teaching then they will go to our schools in fact most of our teachers do not now tha bad effiect thay are leave it in students thinking way and on there life in futare of this students and also on thear socaity some time we need to teaching the logic in our schools to be a very good thinking people I think we need abig chang in our way thinking to reche to agood and active way in method of learning and teaching at the end i think it is the big topiq and need more descition
Yes , because they are besy studying and they think of holidayes and games .
I think there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
Of couse I think car company will produce a new model , and we want to buy more .
however , it is difficult to increase cars more , because there are 2 big problem , poluteing enviroment and losting fossil energy .

At first , we have to think about the poluting enviroment .
Now , the car 's gas is poluting our enviroment .
I think if we have more cars , our enviroment would be change .
And it is not only poluting the envitroment , but also effect our health .
Reasently , there is a news that there are many people in Tokyo are worried about cought is because of car 's gas .
So , poluting our enviroment is big problem and we have to reduce the car 's gas .

Moreover , we have to think about the fossil energy .
Now , most of the cars are moved by the fossil .
But , the fossil is not produced easily , it is limited .
So , we have to reduce to use the fossil .

Accoding to these reasons , I think tere will be fewer cars .
I am agree .
First , to travel in a group led by a tour guide has grand security .
Even if tha travelor know anything about his tour , he can travel .
There is no trouble .
Second , it 's law price compared with lonely .
Many people attennd tha guide tour , so it 's law for each people .
Third , it 's fun .
He can meat many people during the tour .
He can make various friends .
Therefore I am agree .
I agree with this statement .
because I think there is so many cars in this world .
so there is many problems occured because of that .
If people see this writing there are gets angry because they are use car everyday .
car is necessary item for human now .
but do you think that really car is necessary item ?
no .
It destroy the nature and also cause lot 's of biologic problem .
and also there are so many car accident .
I do n't know well about car .
but I know it cause lot 's of problems .
Now I 'm live in OSAKA in JAPAN .
lot 's of people using bycicle to go where .
also many cars there .
I think ride a bycicle is a good idea to protect nature .
and also I feel If cars get increase , people have to make a road or roadway for car run .
so they cut the trees or digging mountains , and so on .
If cars wo n't be decrease , there is no nature .
so I agree with ` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . '
.
In the given statement student to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts .
The student will understand the ideas of teachers in the school .

The students are have knowledge of what thay heared in the school .
The teacher will give the ideas about the femiliour topice .
In the class , when the student goes to start going to school before that the perants are the teachers of the student .
Thay give information how to stay with the eldors she are he will have command on the student .
the student will understand the idea of the teacher .
`` The school is the steping stone of the carrer for the student '' .
For carrer development he have to study well in the school he have to gain more knowledge .
we can this school is a temple of the student .

Every student achive there goals with the knowledge and hav e with knowledge he get schlourship in the college money will be provided by the university houlder .
The giving gaining of knowledge is more from the school student to college student .
For any example , If boy will study in school and gain the percentage of above of 80 % .
In forther studyes college will come and recomend that boy to join in there college with free of cost to study in there college .

By this the college get populared in the country .
knowledge is dewine .
every student have idea to get knowledge of takeing proper factor .

In my openion , the students have proper idea about every thing in the sociaty .
The perants have to keep interest on there children to kopup there children in the better possition in over socieaty .
parents have to proud of there children .
Most successful people already know how to do well .
However I think that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Thus , I agree that successful people have experience of trying new things and taking risks .
There are several reasons .

First of all , successful people have a lot of direct experience .
For example , social experiences , leadership experiences , risk experiences , and so on .
Successful people offer lots of lessons to ours .
If successful people do n't have a lot of experience , I ca n't liten about lessons .

Second , they are not successful people who already know how to do well .
I have a personal experience .
When i was 23 years old , I earned a ward about design .
I had to design very hard every day .

I had a good chance that i could already know concept choosing art 's works .
I could not recieve the ward .
However , i can gain my famous but i was uncompertatal .
I was not successful person .

So I have not a computition and important meaning .
To sum up , successful people
Certainly , successful people do n't wnat to think that I want to fail the first , mayby almost all people chise what they know how to do well .
If the given choise I disagree with this opinion .
Personality , I like to try new things .

Of corse , there are many advantage to repeat the same things .
For example , I like to use the conputer .
Also , if I know how to use the computer , but if I do n't know how to use some soft , so , what should I do ??
Maybe , I will learn how to use this .
It is disadvatage to repeat to use the same things .

I found there is the most advantage to try new things .
They have the new discovery and the fail , it looks like opposit , but the fail made from the new discovery .
Someone know the new discovery they fail something the first .
In my oppinion , I want to say if someone bother which things can I do .
Do n't be afraid of trying new things .

Therefore , I disagree with
I do n't think that yong people do not take care of their communities .
there are three reasons to support my oppinon .
When I was 16 years old I was in the school valunteer 's club in an year .
At that time , I could realize that there are a lot of people who help me without thinking of money .
Also I could understand why there are communities in the world .
I think there are so much chancese to take that kind of experience for young student in korea .

Listening radio is one of my hobby and my favorit program is ' Chin Han Chin Gu ' That means my best friend in english and most of listeners are middle or highschool students .
Whenever I listened that radio program , I could heard about a moved story about our life .
The MC of that program always tel the meaning of peace through the radio and that really helps me to do good things .
An year ago ' www.thehungersite.com ' is produced through that program and I 'm not sure but over hundred thousands students can heard about that same as me .
In that site , you can do a nice thing to hungerd children without money problem .

Even young peaple do n't help their society , that 's not only young people I think .
We live in a big city and there are not enough communication between our neigberhoods .
I think that 's the point why the people think they live in a cold-society .

In that reasons , I do n't agree with that young people do n't help their communities .
In years , the information was consider the basis of the knownledge .
And scientists thinks that the information never should be less and have to be consistent and truly .

The advertisements is a type of information , which express for many people that product have many problems or dificulties in some aspects of it use .

When a product demostrate that have many advertisements as possible , means for other type of person that this produt is truthfull .
This is because the product shows that is no have any secret , instead , is very informal and notice everything The consumer thinks of the benefit of his or her family , and everythig that expains consistenly and efficienty shows secure and unharm .
Another thing that makes the product much better than really is , is if the company is worried about put a lot of advertisements , its really wants to help the consumer .
And the company express prestige about this .

In mi opinion , I really want the advertisements , because I want to know all the information as posible of the product that I want to use .
Despite of the fact that notice me problems in consumption or use .
Only you have to read and apply the advertisements .
I agree on this statement .
I think people loose stenght and other physical ability as they get older and also they loose free time to have fun .
Young people can enjoy there time without any matter of money or time .

I think that older people does not have time to enjoy life .
What they have in mind is the reponsibility of there family and the worry of of children , so they need to work work and work for their family .
If they stoped working no one will help your family nor your self .
This belief is a common sence to teenager .
We all believe that people working does not have the extra stenght to entertain their self .

On the contrary , teenager have both the srenght and time .
We use our time luxurious as it seems eternal .
We do not have to think of responsibility .
Therefore what we do in our dily life is to have fun everiday any minute , and do not think about the future .
We use our time only to entertain our selves .
Teenagers are free to do any thing .
Most of the teenager in Japan think to enjoy life .

Young people still have not seen the hardness of life because they still do not have the responsibility .
but I think that is not bad .
Young people can use that time freely to get mature .
The young age is filled with experiences and their experiences makes their life so enjoyabl
Learning facts is more important than understanding ideas and concepts .
In my opinion i disagree that understanding ideas and concepts is more important First reason is that experincing ideas and lessons is more effective way to try them in our daily lives .
We learn many things in school and from friends but when to do and get benefit from them .

Second reason is that understanding ideas is more likely to lose than learning facts .
We someone learns a fact , it stays in his or her mine because it is a fact .

Third reason is that learning facts is more interesting understand concepts .
In the learning phase student will come across many subject wich are useful in his feature , so some body think that these unnessary subject included in the education few students are facing some difficulties but this not true , for suvival of present situation there is a need to come across variety topics .

In the graduation program an student will take only few subjects for the specilisation purpose for example , for the specilgaton power system stability in master of sceience in electrical engineering , for these specilisation there is lot of maths i required , for doing project also we requre lot fundamentals in other subject also .

Including the diffirent topics in education is also problem to the student , due to incrising the subjects the mental stress also incrises , due to this additional burden he may not concentrated on hisintrsed fied of subject .

By simply learning few subjects is actually not sufficient for higher studies while the phase burden was incriseeing on the students keep in mind these effects on the situation the governament will plan for the requirments .

So finally my openion is knowledge on subejects is depends on the level of study , up to undergratuation level it is better to have brod knowledge of many academic subjects and in gradutation level it is better to have brod knowledge on any one speciligation .
Nowdays people use advertisement to show their product ; or to commercialize it ; but usualy they push much more on these advertisement .
I mean they show their item pretier or say something that 's not true about it .

I think that 's abuzing on costumers trust .
Example : when you are usig a phone card the time remaining is generaly less than they said .
Another example is car ; the preformance they said about it is false .
So as costumer i agee with the statement , and i think people should take time to make a right choice before buying their items .
And campanies should show the right side of their productions .
As the present world is a marketing world the employers will be recruiting the talenteds but not the learners .
This means that it is better to understand concepts than learning them .
My dad always says that `` understand the concepts but never try to learn them as it will be useful if I were not selected in campus placements and decide to start a firm to make money . ''

I thought what he said is right but after looking at the placements in my college I thought they will only select the learners .
The companies who are coming to recriut the final years , they give first preference to the the ones who got 9/10 but not to the one who got 7/10 and having all A grades in his branch subjects .
But after meeting them after two years the ones who got 9/10 and not having any knowlege about the concepts are in the same position and some gave up there job for doing there masters and the one who got less gpa but understood all the concepts are in a high post .
I experienced the same in my twealth .
I leant the concepts and ideas in physics and scored distinction .
But when I am doing engineering first year I faced lot of problems to clear the subject .

Then after I realised its better to understand the ideas and concepts than learning them and never failed in doing so and made my core subjects easier .
Most of people do what they like to do in our life and usually they had many good things to do in differemt time in the morning , afternoon , evening .
for example , some people like to write story or novel every week .
Also , they had another skills in the arts the can drawn whatever your like .
I agree that successful people try to do new thing than what they know how to do well .

There are many good things that successful people like to created and descavery that what people need in their life .
However , if people knew how to do well that means people they live every day like yesterday do n't change that well be boring .
We should be do different things and new to became successful and interesting that make anybody feel happey and bueatiful life .

finnaly , I recommend anyone to do something new every day to learn new things and more good experiance to make our life very nice and interesting .
Helping the communities is a current problem .
There are more and more people need help in our communities .
But we are living in an age with less attention and concern for the community versus an increased for one 's owns needs and pleasures .

In fact , there are more old people .
The human body seems to be more resistant than before .
Medicine are more elaborate .
Some of them live alone far away or near their family .
Some of them can not be award over the new technologic .
So they need help , sometimes only for speaking and walking .

Besides there exist unalfabetic people yet .
I have heard that one by ten people in Belgium is unalfabetic , it 's enormous .
These people need help too .
There exist associations .

Finally , something is very important for me and communities is the respect .
If everybody respects each other a lot of problems in our communities will disappear .
Respect between student and teacher , police and citzens , with authorities , ...
With doing I think that it 's a big step for communities .
It 's not difficult and I would add that 's a basic thing .

Here you are a lot of things that you can do to helping your communities .
You can notice that I said ` you can do ' without specified who 's you .
In fact , I agree with this statement .
But I would clarify that it 's a problem for anybody who live in a community , not only for young people but also for adults .
I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities .
Maybe some young people had done enough , but in average level , it 's true that most of young people use their time in play and enjoy their living time .

I think there are some bad condition for the young people in-correct attitude and concept .
They think it 's not concern with them .
Maybe they have much more important things need to do and share their times , so they consider they are very bussy , so they ar n't willing to pay more time to helping their communities .

I thinkthe best solution that need family , school and society share the duty to change young people 's concept and attitude .
So parents , teachers and government officers need work hard and corporate from now on .
Include study and education , let young people why they need pay more attention and time to helping their communities and let they know they have duty to keep this work continuly , when one day they marry and there are chilkdren , they need transfer this concept to their children all of their life .
So make sure this world will keeping opportunity and enough power to helping t and keep their communities .
Of course , the government officers can use TV , newspaper and so on to open enough messages about who to helping communities .
So most of young people are willing to handle and share enough duty to do it .

At one word , All of people include younger and elder people , there are the same duty to keep and helping their their communities , so all of human there are more high quality community lever and society can grow up and implement every century and all over the world continuly and forever .
Bless the human can get best communities for everyone
I agree with the following statement .
I have two reasons why I agree .
The first reason is because the fuel is getting expensive .
As everybody know , the fuel in the earth which are used in large amount of machines and buildings are getting less .
So the gasolin which provide energy for car is also getting expensive .
Then the people who uses car will stop using car so often , and start to walk or use bus or train .

The second reason why I think the car in use will be fewer , is bacause of the enviroment problems .
The dioxigen which is include in the exaust from the car , is damaging the ozon which is covering the earth .
And it is still been damaged .
To stop damaging it , people have to stop providing dioxigen .
So people will have to stop using car so often .

This is the two reasons why I agree the statement .
In contemporary world , there has appeared a striking contradiction between the indiviual and the community .
Young people especially feel such contradiction in a more extensive manner .
Why ,

Because young people are more required , and pressured , to compete and improve their individual careers .
Such a social conditions are thus leading to the disappearence of the feeling of a part of the society .
Instead , indivuality is seen as the crucial part of the society .
In this scope , communal issues are regarded as an unnecessary issues .
I like travel and I have been many different citys , counties .
If the travel group have an amazing tour guide , it will be wonderful experiments .
Because maybe I can make many new friends during the trip , and learn about the history and knowledge of the place where we stay , and greatly my short life will highlight by the memrable trip .

However , what is the best way to travel ?
It could be great plans and cue guys or else other .
And what kinds of tour guide is an amazing tour guide ?
It is funny and rock question , 100 people must have 120 various anwear .
We can not solve the problem to the rates , because the anwear is not we expecting and controling .
If we want to have a best travel , firse we must make a completely plan , which contents the time we will spend and the place we will get and the money we have to prepare for .

Second , you will considerd the traveler with you .
If you like travel alone , we have no many idea to discuss travel in a group .
So , you have to considerd how many people in the group and decide wheter join in the group .
In my opinion , the people in the travel group are my friends .
We can give hands to others when he/she is in the trouble .
We can work together , live together , share the beautiful views together and have some parts of memory together .
Actually , after preparing period , the people in the group can find each other 's excellent point .
And learn to others .

Finally , I belive it is a good way to travel that in a group had a good tour guide .
It will be you , will be me .
Just we can make the travel to be a great experience .
Nobody can deny and there is no doubt that having cars is harmful to the inviroment its affect our health and plants which we feed on some of theam we are breathing that dirt smoke which comes from burnning gasoline in the cars , yet , having a car in my opnion is very important .

The important of a car that you needed to tranport from a place to an other `` ofcourse there are public tranportation '' but , you still need your car because car make your movment easier and you can find your self but , you have to pay for it having acar is costy .

I think its agood idea to have fewer cars in the next twenty years but , there must be astrong net of tranportation so you wont find different using the public transport or maybe you find it easier to use it than using your own car .
Cars musnt be also allowed to be used only from rich and famous pepole thats not fare there must be diginty in that avery one have to stand in one line and respect the law and respect him self before .

I will say something about how is cars are harmful to our life and our safty : `` one day i and my sister were walking in the down and we wants to cross the street we stoped for a while looking right and left and again rigth when we start walking on the zebra croosing suddenly acrazy car bass thrugh us '' in conclusion having fewer car is good but you have
Measuring deliberatly about the issue that whether it is possible that the number of car will be subtractive whithin twenty years , i drew my conclusion that it is prodicable that the user of car will dramatically decreased in a twenty years in worldwide responsible for the reasons that i list as follow .

First of all , it is a realistic problem that the increased difficulty of the more exploration of oil from oil-rich countries which is undoubtedly necessary for driving a car will resulted precavisely in the long term high price of the internatial oil market that will disicively resulted in family expenditure on transportation of car .
For instence of myself , recently , in my city there has been a trstriction of oil purchase per time due to the high price and the limitation of the store of oil .
So , as you can figure out , the feature of the car is not optimistic as the preforment in advertising of car .

Beyond this , the more focus on the deteriorated air environmental condition which is mainly devastated by the chemical material that device from the using of oil as a fule of car will help people nowadays became more aware of the feature of the earth the human can not live without .
So this aspect that advocate by most of the environmentalists will surpport a movement in society to reduce that using of car in order to reduce the pollution in air .
Under the anti-pollution proponants 's striving of pretectiong of environment , the government of all country will enlaw gradually corresponded regulation to comfine the using of car concerning about the high price that they will pay for restroe the distriment of the environment in their country .

Although more reaserches will be involved in to alter the fuel of car , it will not count on this issue .
So , in a nutshell , you can reach my conclusion by the reason i offer above , that in the feature it is a trendency that the using of car will confront a prodictable plummeting due to the limitation of the exploration of oil worldwide and the awarence of environmentalism of sustainable development worldwide .
Different from past , these days , because of developed science techniqe , usually students study very hard and they can learn many things .
Although idea and concept are efffective for students , before recongnized facts , they ca n't learn exactly about that .

Hence I strenthly disagree that statement .

First , if we are learn or study for something , we have to know facts .
Because before recognize facts , we ca n't understand that and we ca n't make ideas or concepts .
There are many subjects in the studay , math , English , science , music , fine art , and so on .
For example , in music and fine art case we do n't have to learn many thing , However we ca n't think or make idea or concept without basic facts .
Especially , in science and math case we have to learn basic fact .
Moreover we do n't need to use science and math .
There are calculate and fact .

Second , after graduate school , usually we attend company .
So we have to learn many things in school .
But if we learn method of make idea or concept and graduate school , we ca n't live without fact in society , especially company .
We ca n't work with only idea and concept .
Money is very important at companies .
But if we got idea and concept more than fact in school we ca n't alive at company .
It is impossible .
Of course , before got facts we could think idea and concept , but if we use idea more than facts , we can homless .

Facts is vety important everything .
These days , it is getting important .
Without learn fact in school we ca n't develop ourselves .
So I disagree
Get a Acadamic Knoweladge

Academic knowledge is very important for human life .
People learn lot of things and get a lot of experiment during their life .
Some people try to learn lots of academic subjects , on the other hand some people try to learn only one academic subject for whole life , Nowadays people try to learn more than one academic subject .
Very firstly they get one accademic education .
When they finish this education , they want more education .
because tehey reliaze that people can learn whole things drung the whole life .
there are lots of people who have more than one academic subjects , these people aare very knowledgable and experiment , some people get only one specific subject during their life , they spose that only one accademic subject is enough for their life .
They except this stuation for their life .
they think that they always succesful at this way , and they never try to learn other specific thinhgs .

I strongly believe that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because people can do it .
They get more than one specific skills .
I think this must be abligaton at nowadays .
becouse our world need to be more inteligent people .
I make a plane about my life .
If I enough life , I try to learn whole things at my enviorenment .

To sum up I strongly belive that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
day by day tecnology and the other things are developed .
We must chatch this developings .
There fore one specifick subject to learn is not enough .
If we learn many accademic subjects , we can do lots of yhinghs for our enviorment and our world .
When a was a child my parents tell me about the importance to help other people .
I think that is very important on the education of a person .
Young people nowdays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
I think that it is a big problem for our comunity because it creates a sense of indifference for other people .

If each person give some time to helping his comunities we can live in a better world .
I give some of my time to help other people because I think it 's very important .

A possible solution at this problem is that the school give some times for a civic education .
According to me nowadays this is a world where nothing is really like it seems .
The most infected branch of our life is whose of the business , but this is a problem which cover more than one sides of our life .
Going back to the world of business in my opinion it is the most false of all the others and I say that because one of the main problem is that some products seem much better than they really are .
I think that it is due to those sort of rivality between the all companies with the goal of taking in as much costumers as possible .
Ofcourse the main goal of that companies is selling their products better , but it is also true that that they do that taking never care about the people healthy .
It was also happened to me that I bought something trusting in what was written on the the products label , or in what the seller used to tell me .
The surprised was that it didn t match with both of them .
I think that the advertisements used for that are also used to get the people confused .
One of the main confusing ways used for that purpouse is tv and especially the pubblicity because on the tv we usually watch products which appear much better thah they really are .
For that reasons it should happen that some pepole prefer making what they need at home in order not to be unsoddisfacted .
I agree with the statement because if you have a knowledge of many academic subjects you are more accolturate and you can understand many issues of nowadays society problem or fact append .

For example if you have studied medical issues and you or any of yours familiar persons have to go to the doctor to listen the result of a visit , you can understand and after translate in a more simple language .
Besides you can understand what kind of medical things you need to be better .

Moreover if you had studied economical subject you can understand and speak with other people about the economical problems of the society such as the increse of oil , natural gas , etc .

In the other hand you can teach any topic of anything you want to a friend o someone who need help .
Insted of if you know only a specific subject are so limited in your mentality and you can speak only about specifics things that you certanly know deepen but the major part of people do n't know .

Certanly if you know a specific subject in the particular you can help people such as do intervent to the eye
I agrre about the following statement .
I t is imortant that facts is one of communications to learn students .
There are three reasons why .
First of all , it has interest things .
Second of all , it has a lot of imformation .
Third of all , it has good education .
And then I think that it conects several idea for them .

The first reason is that it is difficult to interest the education for students .
For instance , some students are ignore about lessons or are a lot of lazy studets .
If teacher use the facts , it could be interest the lessons .

The second reason is that latest information is useful .
For example , if they teach the facts , students might be keep seaching th one things .
Therefore , it has possible that they pay attention about history .

The third reason is that if they improved their ability , they interested education to leran something to lessons .
In addition , if they teach facts , students try to discuss about one things .
This is both good for them .
At the moment , they try to learn something togethger .
They willbe freinedly also they understand each others .

In conclusion , I absolutely agree about that .
In the world , there have a lot of communication tool .
I think that one of communication is easy to underastand idea is facts .
First , students are really interested in facts .
Second , teacher can teach about latest information .
Third , good education is good for them .
Finally , Facts has several information because I definity agrre about the statement .
Recently , many people prefer to learn facts .
They do n't want to know understand ideas .
They are only looking for convenience .
However , I prefer to understand ideas because we have to know proceed .

First of all , understand ideas is very important for students because if we do n't know proceed , we can not do anything .
we have to know understand ideas .
For example , when I was in elementary school , teacher gave to me for homework .
I 'm looking for internet , I was copy paper and than give to her .
When she ask me for the homework .
I can not answer anything because I did n't care about understand ideas and proceed .
Studants must understand ideas and concepts , on the other hand they must learn facts also .
But the question is : what is better for them ???
Well as I see , learning facts is more important , becsause ideas and concepts depend on the person who give it to us , in another words , its may different from one person to other , so whats the reason of understand this ?
On other hand facts , are as it is , in all the world , everytime and everywhere .

For example , '' Womes must work in order to help her Husband '' Somebody agree , others do n't .
Well , sombody says she has to work because she is a human as her husband , so she must work outside home , not only her husband .
Others says , she is a WOMAN if she worked outside maybe somebody will hit her or even do n't be faire with her because she is a lady .
Here is an idea the first reason is more powrfull than the other , so what we will gain if we study ideas ???

But if we studied facts , such as Theory Of Gravity .
In this case we will improve our knowledge , know whats happen in the world and maybe we will take it for a research in order to get a Depluma on Physics or any other higher level .
If we looked everywhere in colleges we will notice that almost of the study is studying facts .
Also , what is a student ??
Student is a person who study to graduate from a recognized college , recognized from all over the world , so how can he study idea or concept and being recognized ?
Recognized means that there is no doubt that he is right , so if he study a concept , what will happen if he is not on right way ??
he will lose everything he did for nothing .

And everybody has his own opinion .
Knowledge Subjects
Knowledge is a very good and commplacate thing at the same time .
I'ts a good thing to heve and share a knowledge but the idea is do you prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or specialize in one specific subject ? .
In my opinion having a knowledge specialize in one specific subject is better .
I disagree with the idea having a broad of knowledge because alot of reasons .
My mind will not able to understand and save all the knowledge thats will be taken by many academic , but if it were one specific subject I will .
For examples taking a knowledge about a history as a one subject it 's not easy as having a knowledge about history and art and math it will be vnot easy .
Picking up a specific subject that you love and you want to learn it its much easy and fun for u to learn alot of knowledge either you love or not , one subject you will enjoy it and you wont be bored of it .
For example I love histroy so if I have aknowledge of it I 'll be able to love it and get exaited and enterist about it .
Of my point of viem learning or taking a knowledge from different places is a bad idea it will make you transport from place to another .
For example if I go to learn in a 3 academic it will waist my time and I 'll get board too fast !
thats why I prefer the knowlege from one place and one subject either .
At the end if you want to take a lot of enjoyable , meaningfull and entersting knowledge you should go for one specialize specific subject to keep the joeyfull and beautyful moments by having the knowledge , it is the best way .
I disagree .
Because if there is a guide , I cannt go where I want to go .
And the group travel will be tight schedule .
I want to relax at the travel place .

Certainly , the tour guide teach us many infomation during sightseeing and compose the travel plan and it is very confortable for me .
But to compose the travel plan by myself is a part of intrast of the travel .

I sometimes travel with my friend or alone , then I always think no nessesary for tour guide .
Because when I see a travel group led by a tour guide always look so busy .

I think something do by yourself is very important for the person 's life .
To plan the tra
It seems difficult to choose one oppinion , becuse they are also have colorful life between the young people and the older people , but it does not mean , they are similar to me .
I would like to agree with the young people enjoy life more than older people do , if a personal quality is can considerated as criterion to choose things .

First of all , in nowadays , era of information , many of young people enjoy their life via the internet , even everything possiblly in the digital industy .
For example , if a grandson of the older people live abroad , and the communication between the grandson and the grandfather is only via the telephone instead the internet online chatting what is cheaper than the international telephone call , but the older people can not use the internet even can not use computer .

On the other condition , the young people can adapt anything quickly , so that they can migrate to another city for the different experience .
most of older persons can not accept the different enviroment and what they will eat in the different areas , if the older person migrate to other citys or countries , they will be illness easiler .

The important things determine the young people enjoy life better is that they are educated in the signifcant era of information , so they are developed with the world development .

For all mentioned above is why I agree with the staement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Now , I do strongly agree with the statement .
In general I agree with this statement .
When are too frighted to beginn new projects , activities or somethink else , you do n't give yourself the chance to develop .
In my opinion especially in a business environment you could have no success without new ideas and inovations every day .
You must face challanges every day .
If you just relaxe and do only the thinks you already know , your competitors wo n't give you a chance .
In the modern society you always have to be the best .
You must be the owner of many abilities .
If your mind is not open you ca n't have any success .
When you regarde famous successful people , like ...
for example , they all had ideas and no fear to fight for them .
But on the other hand , if you do the things you know well you are getting better and better .
At least , I would say , you have to be open for new things but you also should improve the abilities in the thinks you already know .
Young people nowdays go to schools , go to malls and other places where they meet new people and of course they need time to make friends .

And when they make friends they are going to be in community with them by going to their house or even by calling them and they have to give up some time to do that .

I agree with the statement that they do n't , and by not doing that they lose a lot of the benefits of the friendship like the friends can help them when they need to or they can have alot of fun by going out with them .

It has some bad effects if the person they are in community with has some bad ideas and he share them with young person .

Young people really should get some advise about that from his teacher , father or mother and by that they are avoiding alot of problems if they choose the right person .

By taking time to thing and by focusing on the person 's behavior you can know even befor talking to him if he is the right person to be your friend or not .

In conclusion if the young people give up some time to help their communities they can avoid alot of problems by choosing the wrong person to be their friend .
The issue of compelling about to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and to specialize in one specific subject deserves careful consideration .
I agree this idea .

My opinion of agreement that there are three reasons about this discussion .

The first reason in my opinion is that to study many subject give us more knowledge than to study one specific subject .
The second reason is that to study one specific subject make us be nallow charaacter .
The final and most important reason in support of my position is that people feel thatit is interesting to study vary category .
So important is to feel so interesting .

In conclusion , I agree this opinion .

Of course , there is also an argument to be made for of they assume to my disagree .
Nevertheless , for the reasons that I have presented above because I believe my position is important .

When I ponder this question , it is important that my opoinion is the most valid .
I agree with the statement `` sucessful people try new things and take new risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do '' , because a successful person may have confidence which may not there in unsuccessful person .
By this confidence they take risks and also works harder to get success .
Avoiding pressure is the one of the important factor for a person to acheive success , but the unsuccessful persons are in pressure which leads them not to do risks at that period .
A successful may ovecome the pressure which is not possible for a unsuccessful person .

For example , consider business people , the person who gains profit in bussiness may try to do risks by perfoming different plans .
These people can withstand for any type of result that may give profit or loss , but the person who is in loss will never try to do risks as the reason that he may face loss if the plan gives negative result which leads the person to huge ammount of loss .

A successful person always need more success which leads In my conclusion , it is not possible for a unsuccessful person to do risks as a successful person can do .
I agree with the assumption that successful people always try new things and take more risk rather than doing what they already know .
In effect , we notice that nowaday , people who are most successful in life are people who diversify their occupation .
For them in order to stay competitive in the business word , one need to broader his businees field .
Hence they are always trying a new field of business no matter for them what the risk will be .
In fact in this globalisation of the economy the better you broder your business the more you are likely to survive in th business world .
For instance we can refer to successful coorporations that intervent in several diferent business field .
These companies by diversifying their business production are able to cut down the cost of producing goods .
Therefore they can offer a very low price for the goods they are selling .
So taking risks become part of the companies policies because that allow them to survive in the business market .

In coclusion to remain successful in life , any persone or entity must try new thing and take more and more risks .
I AGREE WITH THE OBOVE TOPIC THAT IT IMPORTANT FOR THE STUDENTS TO UNDERSTAND THE FACTS OF THE STUDY REATHER THAN THEY JUST STUDY OF THE SAKE OF TESTS AS IT HELPS THEM TOAPPLY THE FACTS THAT THEY HAVE STUDIED AND IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO APPLY THEM IN THERE LIFE IT VERY IMPORTANT FOR THE STUDENTS TO UNDERSTAND THE IDEAS OF WHAT THEY HAVE STUDIED OHER WISE THAT WHAT THEY HAVE STUDIED IS IN VAIN AND CANNOT MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE IN THERE STUDY IN FACT IT NOT NECESSARY FOR THE READING OF THE STUDENTS IF HE UNDERSTANDS THE IDEA OF THE LEACTURE AND HE CAN EXPRESE HIS OWN WAY OF REPRODUCING IT AND IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THE IDEA OF COCEPT NOW WE CAN COME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT LAERNING IS VAIN WIITHOUT ITS UNDERSTANDING AND IT IS JUST LIKE MUGGING UP AND THE REPRODUCING AND THAT THAT MAKES NOW DIFFERENCE LEARNING OR NOT THUS UNDERSTANDING IS MORE IMPORTANT NOW LET US TAKE ONE EXAMPLE TO DESCRIBE THE TOPIC LERING WITHOUT UNDERSTANDIG IS JUST RECORDIG AND PRODUCING MACHINE AS THE MACHINE RECORDS THE MESSAGE AND REPROUCES ANY TIME BUT NOT UNDERSTANDING THE IDEA OF TEXT THUS HOW THE LEARNING WITH OUT UNDERSTANDING IS IT IS BETTER RATHER YOU NOT READ THE TEXT AS LEARNING WITH UNDERSTADING THE TEXT IS THAT HELPS IN THE IMPLEMENTATION AND CAN MAKE SOME MORE NEW THINGS WITH THAT IDEA BEHIND IT AND CAN USEFULL IN THE APPLYING THE CONCEPT IN LIFE AND THE UNDERSTANDING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN READING THUS THE READING IS WASTE WITH GETTING IDEA OF THE READING THE MOST IMPORTANT IS TO UNDERSTAND THE TOPIC AND IT NOT NECESSARY TO READ THE TOPIC AS WE REPRODUCE THE TOPIC AS MANY TIMES WE WANT AND THER IS NO MATTER OF INTERUPTION IN THE MIDDLE AS WE CAN GO WITH IT AND EXPLAIN IN BETTER WAY WITH OUR NEW IDEAS AND THE MORE EXAMPLES WE CAN GIVE TO THE TOPIC AND CAN ALSO GIVE THE PRACTICAL EXAMPLES TO THE TOPIC AS IT WELL NOW THE MAIN IDEA BEHIND THE TOPICE AND ITS APPLICATIONS IN THE REAL LIFE AND THIS ALL ABOVE POINTS ARE APPLICABLE UNTILL AND UNLESS WE UNDERSTANT THE IDEA AND THE CONCEPT OF THE TOPIC THUS IMPORTANCE OF GETTING THE IDEA BEHIND THE UNDERSTANDING AND JUST LEARNING THE TEXT
Some people want to try new things while other prefer to do the same that they knew all over their life .
I agree with the statement which says that successful people try to do new things even take risks rathre trying known things .
I agree becuse of severals resons .

The frist reson is that successful people shoud try to do new things otherwase they will not bring new things .
For example , the Neoten is well - known and pioneeir in this feild .
He looked to the apple which fall down from the tree as other but He looked to this case different from other and asked himself why did it fall .
As a result , he interdouced a new law of movement .

Secondly , successful people take risk to do something new .
Forthat , although they will not get benefit of all things , they can success in something new .
Thirdly , successful people try to do new things with sometime high risk rathre trying known things .
Becuse of high risk they can get high benefits and this according to the statment which says high risk gives sometime high rate .
This statement which is high risk gives sometime high rate is mainly used in marking .

Becuse of doing new things and taking risk I agree with successful people try to do new things even take risks rathre trying known things .
I completely agree with the statement .
We are in the consumis time , that means that people buy things and industrial products not when they really need them , but only for the pleasure to buy something new and have the pleasant sensation to spend the money in those modern supermarket , which you can find everything new in .
In this way a person always feels to be original and `` modern '' , not `` ancient '' like people that surroand him or her .
With this new conception of the money and about the way to spend them , the productors of objects that are every day used ( such the mobile phone , the tv , the shoes and so on ) invent always new way to make those products attractive .
In this way people feel obliged to buy the last thecnological mobile phone for example , otherwise the seem to be out , but not for the really need to have it .
And what is the best way to let their new products be known all over the world ?

The answer for this question is simple and everyone know the answer .
Simply the answer is : advertisement .
We can watch the tv or only look at every journal to verify this sad truth .
If the advertisement is the quicker and most seen way to spread news about an industrial product , in order to let people know my last innovations , why do n't use this simple way of diffusion according to the imprenditor 's volonty ?

And in order to sell more pieces of a product , so that this imprenditor can get much more money , what about making an advertisement annunce putting lies in ?
It 's not a true lie , but only a manner to pubbicize the product in a wrong way : not like an object that you can buy only if you really need it , but like an object that you ca n't live without it .

For this reasons advertisements make product better they really are .
Successfull persons are risk-taker .
They venture with new thing .
This does not mean that they are careless or overself - confident , in contrast they like to cooperate and they seek advice and help from specialized persons .
successfull people are not only seeking for new experiences , defying obstacles and hardship but also trying to be creative .

A new experience is what trigger these persons to show to themselves and to the whole world their success .
dealing with new business or starting a new research project are some example of challenging path to follow .

Defying obstacles and hardship is what makes the route to success very special .
It is not a lay man quality to defy difficulties and find solution for hard situation .
Successful persons have the slogan `` There is no gain without pain '' .

In addition , these persons love creativity and they are always looking for new ways to kill boredom and routine caused by things th
The statement is thrue because the poducts always offered diferent things or solutions for the diferents problems in the life .
However this solutions do n't always the best option because before the fix the problem , this problem incresead to make the other results that the people want to solutioning .

The comunication center like TV , radio , news paper and internet ( generally in the last years ) have made a change in the human life , to make that the human be a compulsived in the shopping .
Now , no is necesary go to shopping a ohter place of the town or the world because with just a call , the man can buy from the house .

So the comunication center thought the advertisements show the things that the man want to heard or see , for example product that showed a woman a few clothes make the man disare buy this product ( this cases is always seeing in the products like the beer or diferents licors ) .

Other case is the offer that show in TV whice offered a cost that no is really economic just find lie and bring news members .

This problem make that the man buy things that are n't necesaries and cannot received garante for the products which bring inconvenient .

The way the easiest to buy goods things is go to the store yourself .
in my opinion .
i beleave it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn factslike speed and smoke .
for example when we talk about speed they must anderstand why it is dengures is beteer than if they have axcedant after that they learn .
second example like smoke hf they anderstand why it is dengeros and they bleave it is beteer than if they were sick or feel bad .
finally i beleave it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts it is for them to lern facts .
We can see a lot of advertisements in somewhere , such as a food , an electronic , or a glosely company .
People compare all of them and refer to buy infomation for some products .
They might have a favorate brand .
So most advertisements make products seem much better .

First , advertisement has lots of information of some products .
We can compare by an ingredient , a design or a package .
That information serves by company , so we can get absolutely .
If we ca n't get information , we should n't buy or choice .

Second , Most people buy only It 's package design or brand , so company can grow up , if do n't have espescially things of products .
There are lots of company in the world , such as Wal-mart or Target .
We buy only law price .
It is trick .

Finally , it can produce a high cuority things or a good design things by batle of each of some companis .
One company puroduces a low plice , other company puroduce a expensive price , but it has especially things .

In conclusion , advertisement need for us to grow up , enjoy from select .
if it were good thing , it could sell more and more .
So charactristic is most important thing .
In the last fifty years the number of cars in use is increased all over the world , expecially in Europe and in the north of America .
In theese countries almost everybody ( between eighteen and sixty years old ) have his own car and the problems concerned with this situation are becoming very high .

The increasing of traffic and pollution are two of the more negative results of the excessive use of cars and nowdays there are a lot of purposed to resolve theese problems .

Many majors , for example , suggest to close the a part of their cities to the cars and this will be good also in order to preserve the beauty of the city centres ( especially if there are historical and artistical monuments , like in italian cities ) .
But this will create the problem of moving from a place to another ( people have to go to work or to school ) so it will be necessary to improove the public transports .

In my own experience , I 've seen that , depite of all theese purposed , anything has been done .
It 's really difficult to renouce to our habits , expecially if a chang means to live a little harder than before .

I 'm not very optimistic abuot the future and I think that the use of cars will increase .
The knowledge is to know things about every things , but specializing is to know every things about one thing .
I believe that all students should get as much as they can from academic subjects .
however , they also must by specialize in one subject , because of the link between all that sudgects .

According to that idae , if we want agert sintis we should teach him differnt kind of subjects that will help him in his wark , and those subject must be related to the euchother .
On the other hand , we must not teach the student any thing , not related to his subject , so he will not loss his time .

All students should learn how to teach thimsilf after they finish they academic years .
so they will be able to get more knowledge in there free time .

In conclsion , it is better to have droad knowledge of one or specialized academic subject than many subject .
I agree with that , but it ' is not our fault , in our time , we have to work harder than our parent , for many reason wich I will try to show you

the studies are longer and more difficulte than yesterday , we are spending more time to school and to look for a job because these times we have to be qualified if you want to succeed in life more diploma you will have got , more change you will have to find a good job wich will allow you a confortable life .

there are also the problemes that our youth do not like to live in the villages anymore due to lack of work they prefer to live in town where life has got another view of community .

Like in south africa , everybody knows the story of this country which has long time been divided by the skin color , the majority of black people do not trust anymore in the value of community
I am disagree with this knowledge based on many academic subjects .
I believe people should be specialize on one subjects .
As the whole academicans know , specialization just include of this academic subject 's improvement .

In the world history , development really related with specialization of persons .
For example Alexander Grahambel just have experience based on telephone so that he could not be interest problems politcs within academic level .
Especially this specialization getting more important when the academic areas becoming more developed .
After the industrial revolution whole academic areas clearly and quickly improved .
this development process directly has relation with specialization 's expanding in academic enviorements .
Thus , too many academician found new tolls , methots mental way for developmets of those specific areas .

I think humans owes to those specialized persons for our current developed level .
We are appreciate those person
most advertisements are making the product much desirable .
i am agree with this idea .
i have some couple reasons and examples .
first of all we should think about this on this age .
people have economical or financial problems and they do not think about to buy something new and if this people do not show any action the reproduction in the country can stop for a while and it can cause so many problems like trading .
before all this happens workers in reproduction thinks about how to sell their new product .
let 's say for this a new kind of flavour of a hershey 's chocolate .
if this product do not have a good advertisement nobody would eat it .
my secaond reason for this subject is advertisement gives to the product a new form .
if i should tell it in more details i would say this attractivity .
this is really important the reason why is that people if they do not desire something they do not want to get it .
my third reason is when a product shows on the television or on the billboards it is taking more attention .
for example coca cola 's advertisement , when it is a really a hot weather at outside we want to drink something really cold which can take our dehydrate so what we are thinking to buy ?
immediatley a coke because at this time at least we have been seen the coke 's advertisement .
what we understand about this situation , coke 's firm could not be so productible and famous without advertisements .
this reduce also my last reason : advertisement makes the product more famous .
people can know about the new products by the advertisement and this make product much better it is again .

my final words will be about this subject , without advertisements , products can not exist and have not the light to be selled .
I disagree with it .
Older people enjoy life , too .
It is just looks than young people enjoy life more than older do .
I know many older people who enjoy life , my parants are also .
They go to many places on every weekend .
But I join young people am home , do homeworks .
Which do enjoy life ?
My opinion is older people enjoy life more than young people .
Older people had worked for a long time , but young people just play .
I t is not enjoyment .
For example , now I have studied at college .
This is to be going to enjoy in future .

Though some older people are unhappy with no maney , at last they become freedom from school , study , works , communicate with hate people and busy .
Only Japanese are busy ?
I do not think so .
Young people are always play , they can move and go somewhere .
But older people 's body will be worse .
It is only bad thing .
But their mind are good .
I have a dream that I will be like my grandmother .
Her is sometime like unhappy , but sometime not so .
Sometime she say me that my body have painful , I do n't like a husband .
But sometime she is smile .
I know she is happy , and I am happy , too .
I agree that the opinion that young people nowaways d onot give enough time to helping thier communitues .
I think there are two reasons .
first of all , noaways , young people do not care about thier communities .
The reason why is because , they do not think they receive a lot of benefits from thier communities .
However , they receive a lot of benefits from communities .
For example , they can go to the school , and can study because of communities .
In addition , they are protected from the criminal because of policemen .
Therefore , they should cooperate with their communities .
They should back what they received .

second reason that they do not give enough time to helping communities is that it is increasing to communicate with prople .
for example , there is a case that they do not know people who lives next to their house .
In addition , recently cell phone is becomming very popular , so people can talk or communicate with people even if they met each other .
Therefore , their mind that helping each other is increasing .

In conclusion , it is dangerous thing to increase the time to helping their communities .
I disagree with the statement because I think that people can risk also when they are not sure in their experience .
In my opinion it depense , principal , for thre personal behaviour of the person .
If I was a brave man my instinct could involve me to risk , for example , in activities where I can have an elevated damage ( like economic business , private live ) .
If I was an afraid man my instinct could be involve me to put a brake in my activities and in all of aspects of my life .
Personally I was an istinctive man and usually i take decision without think the negative aspects but only the positive .
An important example in my life was the decision of live with my girlfriend .
It was a decision that i took looking only the positive aspects ...
I took my baggages and luggages and I fly with her in an other country .
After some days the situation changed ...
The risk that I had n't considered was very very high .
Maybe the logic solution cannot be an other but in my mind I know how to doing .
I think that this sentence is true that is why I totaly agree with it .
I think that successful people are successful because they do n't wait for the succes to come to them , they go forward to it .

Life is not easy that is why you have to be audacious .
To be successful you need to be different form the other people , if you have the thing that make the difference then you will be different .

Soemone succesful like to take risks so they can be the first and before successful , When you are successful you need to be at the state of the art wich means that you have to be at the top if if want to saty there .

If you keep on doing sometghing that you are goood at it , it 's great you can keep doing but in long term , so ; eone zill take your place. ; king effort because the zorld is not nice out there I think that people can be jalous and that they zill try to take your place .

I also think that someone successful is someone who belive in what is does .
It 's one of the most importante thing in the worl .
You need to be confident and belive in you .

Because if u do n't believe in what you say nobady will .
So to conclued , I think that succesfukl take risks and try new thing because they zant to shoz the ; selves to pepole and I think that they like zhen people copy them , that is why they have to be innovante because zhen you do something you already knows well it 's not exciting anymore .

So if your are successful and you zant to stay there keep on beiing the best and then people will follow you , and you will shine .
I am desagree with the young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
The young people like a best world and they work in these way , if they can .
Sometimes that look different because the young people at the same time like to enjoy and a few times or a few people looks only they think yourself .
The young people need see the future , not only the present because they live with the problem of the society and they try to help .
I think the youn people try to need more and more responsability and decide about the future and said what are their opinion .

Another reason because I think the young people helping their communities it 's because they work , married , enjoy and these is easy if they do n't have problems .
Definitly the young people try to help with the society problems , because they know , they have the same problems in the future and try found the best solution .
Successful people try new things and take risks everey time in a while in order to increase their knowledge and to be distinguish from other people ...
Why ?

Firstly , because if we have the same capacity to lear why dont increase our knowledge taking risk and trying new things .
For example , said that Carlos work in a food service but he is bored of doing the same thing , and he decide to start his own bussines of food service with some friends .
They are are taking the risk of fail and lose all their money on that risk but thats how their are going to learn , we have to remmember that the best way to learn is from our mistakes , and they would become diferent from other people because in the future they will become a person of sucess .

Secondly , because in the risk we made , we can success .
Who knows , maybe we can find the job we were loking for making us in the propiety of o
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are two reasons for this ; healthy and changing the life .
First of all , young people are more health than older people .
If young people feel that they want to climb up the Mt , Fuji , they can climb up .
However , older people could n't .
This is because , most older people are bad health .
Another thing is that they may have not energy to move , so they can not go abroad .
They will feel that own country is more confortable than ather countries .

Second of all , young people have longer life than older people .
By trying a lot of things , young people will change their life and the way of thinking .
Older people are hardly to change the life by trying new things .
For example , when young people listen to the music of an artist , they may change the thinkig .
Then they want to be artist may be .

For these reasons , I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I think succesful people try new think and take risks is good .
if you take lots os think from work when you feel good .
because it is very good for knowledge .
you achieve lots of think for doing work .
for example you wants to write a article for published magazine so , that time you should read lots of paper for knoledge because it is necessary for article .
and other example is you risk some think from other field so , you learn about .
what is this ?
what happen to do this work .
that time if you do this work and when the work finished you feel very confident and you will try for other work .

I think it is very good for gain something .
i dont no whats a reasons but i think it is very helpful of sucsses in life and it is very demanding of lots of field .
i think if you take some new thinks in our life so your knowledge will be great .
some years ego i wrote i poem for published in the kadambini magazine so , that time it was published .
it is my new think because other people always says about this matter , it is very difficult for all person so that tme i was try and result is good my poem was published .

My experience of this subject is very positive .
agree with that think .
it is very good for all the person which try all the time for lots of work and think .
it is very good opportunity for student .
so i think student should try to do to take a risks from all the subject .
i am sure they will sucsess in our life .
it is good for study and knowledge .
I think young people have the right to do whatever they want as soon as they are not hurting anyone or causing any problems .
But they have to give somithing to the community they are living in .

Nowadays there are so many things keep young people busy such as games and computers .
But that is not a good reason for them to avoid their assignment to their communities .

Most of young people nowadays are careless .
They dont want to work or help in order to improve their community .
On the other hand there are some great examples of young people who give help to their communities .

I think it is not fair to judje young because of few examples .
Everyone has to controll his wants and try to help his community as much as he can .
Offcorse i agree to travel by groups led by a tour guide , it will be better and nice .
Many travel agenceys have tripes or journeys with groups , the tour guide can recognize and know the places that he can take you to it .
Example , when i was in Germany exactly at Munich bavarian city i was going with agroup to turn at all places , at morning we stay at one place together with all of the group untill the tour guide comes , we have a contract with a bus company to go any place in munich , so that day we had gone to aplace called garmish international park , it is located at twenty miles from munich city at the center of huge mountains .
It was very nice place , the tour guide was telling us about the place and about the casttle their , offertunality we had knew many things by the tour guide .
ISo iagree the tour guide because he know many places at can speak their language .
Most of people buy the material by watching a television comercials .
However , when the good was very different from the commercial , we waste the time and money after buying it .
I sometimes feel some of advertisments are n't genuin materials which are couting something else , different color , or kind of immitations .

There are some photograpohers who take a picture about the commercial materials .
So , they are couting something on a genuine food when he want to take a picture .
I could n't eat some foods without hearing the ture .
Moreover , the american restaurant in the united states looked very deliciously , but actually I feel bad taste .

I like to going to the shopping when I want to buy some clothes which I getting to be a favorite one .
The color of clothe is definitely important .
In Japan , there are diverse colors and it 's very difficult to make these color , thus I want to get it with Japanese color .

However , my favorite clothe are different of color .
I claimed these materials to shop staff .
But they just talked about the photographer is mistook to make the catalogue .
When I buy the car , I always look the advertisement which are listed a lot of them .
If I felt this car is cool as well as expensive one , I try to buy it .
However , it 's totally different from list .
Because advertising-maker used the immitation materials when he makes the catalog .

In the concludion , many advertising are so different from the genuine thing .
We should take care about these truths .
Whenever we buy something , we should check it on our foot before buying something via the Internet or telephone order .
We had better to hear the oral communication with genuine experienve about the materials .
I agree with the statement which is given , before .
This means young people enjoy life more than older people .
Because the psychology of youth is based on senses , feelings .
It doesn ' t look over incidents , falls with completely rational and logical eye .
If young people would weight with rational eye what they experiences have , they couldn not enjoy life so good more than older people .
Because they would see and understand realities of life , which are not so enjoyable .

Older people can look over realities of life with rational eye .
Because they have more experiences than younger people , and choose the rational way .
Their senses and feelings are not stronger their youths .

We can see these situations at the oldest people in the most extreme fall .
Because they are closer to the door of the grab than others .
And nothing can make them enjoy as before .

Opposing that sometimes we can meet young people which behave older than theirselves .
This means , as exceptional , they move more rational , more logical and serious than their environments .
Therefore , they think future and behave according to future .
They are little crazier but this does n't affect their lives to the negative route .
Hence , they can catch the succes .
i 'm agree and i hope that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
today the use of car is more extended and ofthe it 's do n't have a real fundation .
In fact , even is true that the lifestyle is more different by the lifestyle in the past century , even if people have more need and more activities to do , for exemple jobs , sports activities , social events ect .. , is also tru that more people would't have problem and private themselves of own confortability .
For exemple analize a tipical family composed by five person , who are father , mather , first son of eighteen years an second soon of five years .

in a family of five person , today is n't a surprise have four car !
Why ?
One car for the father , he use own car to going job , and when he have finished to work he going at the gym .
Another car is for the mammy , who use own car to going with the second sons to the school and then she will go to work .
another car is for the first son , who have own car for own personal need , like going to the school , to the cinema or going to the gym .
All of over said is possible with One car !
Maybe is necessary get up early in the morning and spend more time across the street , or in the traffic , but in this way you will have the opportunity to spend more time with own family , you can say a fact or an experience of day .

Morover you can resolve a big problem of modern societies .
The destruction of natural sistem .
Is more important to save the development and the grow of the word , save and protect the nature by the smog and more other complex problem , suc as serra effect , sea polluted , air unbreath , ect .

Reducing the number of car for each person , or using public trasportation , such as metro , bus or a lot of services wich you can use , you will reduce the traffic and so also the smog and you will have in the future more healthy for you and your family .
What is a good travel ?
This quetion will probably find differents answers .
For that reason we should choose to travel individualy .
Several reasons explaine this reason .

First , we do not have the same hobbies and the same motives when we travel .
Some people prefer explore the cluture of the place while other want just to have fun and relax .
For example I went t Seattle last summer with my friend Frank .
I decide to visit six differents meseum in this city .
I visited the meseum of science and aviation for example .
In contrast Frank decide just to visit night clubs and make some new friends in this city .

Second , we appraciate differently the place we visited even though we want to visit the different exibitions .
Some people want to spend more time in some acitities than others .
Asian people for example prefer to take more pictures when they visiting a monument .

In conclusion , it is better to travel alone in order to have a good trip .
We have differents interest for the travel and we do not spend the same among of time on each activity .
But what
The young people are considered very important in the communities .
Some of them are interested in community .
Young people should interested in thier communities .

Some young people care of thier communities and others young do not care of thier communities .
If the young people know if they help thier communities they will get a lot benefits in the future .
Also , they will lead thier communitis in the futur , so if they do good things they will find them and the opposite if they do not help them .
In contrast , some of them do not care with thier communities because they do not know there is responsibilities for all young should help thier community .

You should teach young people to help and love thier community and do all good things to thier community .
we should help thi
I agree with this statement .
Because successful people is resposible yourself so they are not afraid .
They try new things .
I have around a lot of successful friend .
I am not successful .
I do not take risk .
I am afraid to not make new things .
They study very hard .
I agree the statement .
The reasons for the agreement is as below .
First , the main purpose of travel is seeing a famous place .
If you travel with a tour guide , the guide tell you good points related to the place .
Then you can learn more .

Second , you can meet new people in the travel group and talk about something .

Third , The guide can inform you of which way to go and where to stay , etc .
So you does not worry about being lost .
There are some argument wether having broad knowledge of many academic subject or specializing in one object .
In case of having wide knowledge of many subjct is more benefial to most of student who have taken rather than student of who specialize one subject .

The first of all , it mean many oppotunity that student choose their major or future .
Because every student touchs many fields of subjects and .
It help student choose their specific major .
If they have many chances to have , it would be happened more less to confuse their future of to change their major .
In long run , this method can save student 's time and money which relocated their goal .
These experiences will be good basis for having specific major .

Another reason is that broad knowledge help student in their life-time .
Having many background infomantion can help many bad or good circumstances .
For example , opera which student had studied in class is more attractive to them than others who never study about opera .
Also others of subjuct is smilar with it .

Lastly , studying braod knowledge helps student to see a various aspect of subject ( problem ) .
Unluckly , students who don ` t study about broad subject might have possibility to see one aspect to others .
When I was young , one of my classmates was interested in math .
He was also genious in math .
But he did n't do well in other subjuct and had problem with peers .
Becase he was not interest in other parts and peers .

Above the reasons , the best option of way of studing subject is having broade knowledge of various academic subjects .
I think that the car has changed the life of the last century and it is an impotant mean for our life still today .
However I think also that the cars bring with them same ambiental and social problem .
First of all , the cars make too pollution , also new cars that they have so many reststriction but again today is not enough .
Furthermore , the cars have destroed all kind of human ralationshipm whit nature and otherelf .
For example , for getting some at market the people get their car also to do few meters , because , so they do less work .
The people do n't want to walk or ride a bike anymore because they are to lazie to do that and they think that the car can solve their problems of moving .

This abuse of the car is allowed becouse not only for the laize of the people but also for the bad condition of pubblic traspot .
Indeed , in some part of the world , it is always late , durty , and sometimes very expencive , and above all confortless .
In other words , these are situations that force people to take the car .
Indeed , it has all confort that we want : air conditioned , music , space ...

I do n't belive that among twenty years the car will be fewer , instead I think that the number will grow up more and more .
This will be possible because a wrong political way hes been gotten ( I am talking about my particular country situation ) .
Nothing is doing to change direction .
On the other hand , somebody thinks that the end of petroil will decrese the number of car , but for my it is not true , for to topic : the oil is still too much to finish suddenly and the cars ' factory never will allwe the the car wil lose importance in our life .

IIn conclusion I think that the solution are two or the goverment of all wor
Nowedays everything is becaming more and more specific , at university but also for work .
It 's important chose a good direction quikly .
University is movim in this way and it propose corse of study more specific than in the past .
I think that there are positive and negative aspects , about the specialization in one specific subject It 's positive because you have only one thing to focalized your attention and the development is easy , and so you can improve on you specific topic withought distraction .
On an other hand it is Also negative because you do n't have a complete skill you can make only one think on one kind of work .
I thing that is important to found a compromise between this two statements .
Is important to have a specific subject that in with you spent more of your time , but also some other academic subjects that are important to improve your background .
In the end you will have a good skill but also more way to chose .
it 's important also be curious and i carefull by everyting that arownd you to learn more and in less time , because is important have the skill to answer to every questions and t
I agree with that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Because they have much time than older people , especialy univercity student .
They do n't have class everyday .
they can decide themselvs class .
Some of them have only 4days for class-friday , saturaday and sunday is holyday .

Older people have a few time for free .
Much of them use time for work .
For example , my father stay office full time decause he is important person of office .

But young people enjoy life but they do n't have enough money .
If he use much money without thinking about life , he will not spend day .
They enjoy during thinking about the way to using money .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They must think that they do n't want to be wo
I agree to this statement .
To have the specialized in one specific subject is not bad , but only having specific knowledge does not help people to have the wide view to the study .
and that will not make improvement and spreading of the study .

Of corce there have to be some specifict subject but just study for one subject may not make him success with that study .
Broad knowledge of many academict subjects may help or give hints to the specific subject .
For example , some one who just study about ships engine but did not know how ships really voyage and relation with the engines and wind , waves .
And also if the engine builder did not know the effect to people who work on the ship like how the engine shake effect to human , he can not improve to build new good engines .

By knowing many academic subject wide view to the study can be improved an
I do agree with successful people by trying new things take the risk to discovert new things that help the society and being more successful by doing things other people are able to do it unfortunely have an experiences and share it with others examples being founder of medecine that cure sickness is to make yourself useful in society hard worker by using your brain and encourage someone else to do like you make peoples look up to you trying some new experiences
I disagree with this statement .
I do not think that the helping their communities of the young people is decreasing .
That is why I know many students around me tried to attending communities and helping them .
For examples , one of my friends attended the community of volunteer for Hansensi disease .
He went to China and saw the facility with his own eyes .
He now also keep trying to help the people who are segregate from the society because of their disease .

Other friend attend to the community of helping the forign student .
Once a week , she attend a class with the foregin student and help note taking and assignments .
I understand that the student are very busy because of classes , assignments and communication with friends and love .
However we can make the time even how hard it is .

On the other hand , I think that nowadays there is a problem with communication around the social communities .
It is not because of the lack of the time .
It is because of the lack of the relationship among the social communities .
For my example , I do not know the neigbors .
I do not know wether he is student or not .
It can be why I stay alone , but it is strange .

I think that making the relationship among the social community strong leads to the safety world .
If knowing each other very well , the crime is going to smaller .

What I mentioned is the young people tried to be aggressive to attending some communities and helping them .
However we need more communication among the people of social community .
It leads to the safety world .

I dissagree with this statement .
I do not think not giving enough time to helping their communities .
We can make time even how busy we are .
The problem is the lack of communication .
I am agree about the following statement , because if they can not live there , they can not get maney and will be poor .
Especialy , the most important langage for studens to understand ideas .
Many people say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree with them beacause of the fllowoing reasons .
may be because they love the playing more than the work and that is real .
Other reason I think because they are less intelligent than the old people so they do not know enough about the correct things .

First , young people like the playing so much .
I think all the people like the playing so much but not as the young people .
Also I think that most of the young people have a school so they have to study more than the adults .
So their free time will be very little and if they spend it at working I think they will get tired .
In addation , their bodies are weaker than the adults so they can not do the same job just like the adults .

Next , I think the young people do not think about their communities because it is over their thinking .
They have a limited brain .
Also they have a lot of fun which can make them busy .

To sum it up , I think that the young people can not service the community as the adults .
Because of they like the playing so much .
Also they have a lot of fun and homeworks which can make them busy to work like the adults .
I disagree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , In twenty years they will make some to fly , there will be some reasons that makes people need cars .
First , the enjoyment of flying .
Then young children will groe up and they will need cars for they things .
At last , for goning to far places .

every one is dreaming to fly on his plan , but in the future he will see his dream .
the children will grow up they will need cars they will buy cars , the only problems they will see is the expinsive cars .
I 'm fully agreed that we should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specfic subject .
This is will grow up the knowledge and it will increase the educational part in the personality of the people .

For example , If you are invited in a converance that is talking about somthing that is not realted to your speciality .
Then , you will be unable to talk and discuss any point that might be mentioned or raised in the conversation .
From my point of view , reading many books and articles that are not reated to one specific subject will help you to be more sophosticated person .

Another example , sometimes when you are specialized in one academic subject such as Computer science and you read about other subject is not related to Computer science such as Math .
You will see in some points there are some smiliraties .
As a result of this , the knowelge will be widly increased in the two subjects not only in one specific subject .

Having a different career in the bacholer degree from the Master will also increase the knowldge and it will be better to have the bacholar speciality with the same master speciality .

Finally , I encourge and motivate every person that should enlarge his knowlege and know many acadmic subjects rather that stik in one specific subject .
I agree that .
The successful people always try new things and take risks .
What 's the successful people define ?
In my openion , i think a person who do somethig dose n't give up which can call successful person .
The successful people maybe a rich or scientice or a politican .
For example , Bill Gaze , the most rich person in the world , I think it 's a good sample for people who seccessed .
Bill , as we know he have a famous company Micosoft .
Why bill can become richest in the world ?
I think it 's about his attitude , he take risk of computer system Dos .
In that times , no one know Window is much useful for people , and can change people life .
But Bill saw .
So , he become the most richer person in the world .
According to the reporter lastly , he still the most rich guy in the world .
Why ?
Why he can be the most rich guy so long .
Because , he try new things .
He not only take fouce on computer but also in TV games .
For example , X-BOX .
I think many person have hear about it , maybe you had play it .
Bill , knows try new things and take risk .
Therefor , he become a successful people .
In this two sections , you can understand how important about try new things and take risks .
So , if you want be a successful person , just do it .
I agree with the following statement .
Because I think the sience and tecnology are developping .
The oldest age , People could not speak words and they did not have clothes and shoes .
Then they could cook a little bit .
But nowaday , We can have a lot of clothes and shoes .
And We can cook lots of foods .
Because People and siences and tecnologies have developped each other .
If people did not find siences and tecnologies , We can not live such now .
So I think we can not live if old people could not find siences and tecnologies and they did not developped . ''
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ''
I think so .
Because People and sience and tecnologies are developping now .
For example , Now computers are one of the most useful things .
And There are a lot of the most useful in the world .
I think Car is one of the most useful things .
Because , When I want to go shopping and fishing and driving , I can go to there soon .
But I think Cara are developping .
So I may think Next cars is faster than now cars .
And I think Next car are flying cars .
So I think In tenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I don not think people will hate cars .
People likes cars .
Because Car is more useful than peple walks .
So people will buy the next new cars .
And people do not need now cars .
If Next cars is faster than now cars , and more useful , I will want to buy a new car .
I agree .
Most of the students are always trying to learn about things that they even understand about , they just are repeating things with out a little notice about the topic because some thimes the only matter it 's to obtain a good grade , I understand that when you are trying to repeat and studing hard something just for accomplish a good grade it its more dificult to remembered in the furure , and it 's more dificult to practice it in a live time as an experience wath you had study just for a fact .

If we are talking about students I think that the main focuss should be not how hard they study because in that case this student will be measured by his memory skills and what for a student should be graded is by his aprendice experience that 's what make poeople competitive see how hard they learn by understanding , and the only way to get student into the leraning experience is by first teaching them to understand , so lets give them the importance in how to learn by a clear slide about the idea of comprence .

In other way to suport my thouth its by the importance of emphaty in all relations and this is the meaning of understanding the other part , so this understanding prosess it has positive impacts in all professional , academic , business and personal issues having a clear image of an effective understanding prosess and I think that in the order that you understand something in that order you 'll be succesful and in most of the times succses is the meaning of happines , so let 's promote the understanding between our students , let 's try to make them happy so they can give us back a good and ethical work that our society its demanding

This is just my personal point of view
Advertisements alwasys trying to make you `` when i said you it is mean people '' looke at the product from another side the best side .
This is there responsibilty and it is there job to market their products .
They are spending fourtune on Televission , Radio and posters .

In my openion I thought before that they are steeling from us by convencing our children in a product i am not interested in .
But by the time I have read and understand that this is bussiness and this is how it worked .
it has some advantages and dis advatages .

Although it brought to us the very new technology , and , it help us by using all of the facilities , but in my openion I think it is wasting for our money and sometimes it is not like what we see in the Televession .

Now aday if you opened the Televission you will spend muct time watching those products .
Even so if you go to the movie theator you will waste so much time watching those products and you were paying to watch it .

In conclussion if I had acompany I would do the same thing because people allways do not have the time to think or to try those things , they would say if it does'nt work well it would not matter because it was cheap or if I am going to returne it I would waste time .
If all of families were well knoledgable those thing will not appeare .
I agree with the statemant that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I have two reason why I agree with the statement .
One reason is that there will be a lot of people in here Japan in twenty years .
So if there are a lot of people here in Japan , of course they will buy a fewer cars and use it maybe everyday .
Because it is really usefull to use a fewer car when we go to somewhere eals .
So I am sure that they will buy a fewer car .

Other reason is that there will be a lot of nice fewer cars , great fewer cars and very usefull fewer cars here in Japan in twenty years .
So people will want to get them !

As a results , in Japan in twenty years , I agree with the statemant .
Because there will be a lot of people and also there will be a lot of usefull fewer cars and so on .
i agree with the statement that young people will enjoy more rather than old people because young people can move ar can go to any place and can have fun but the old people cant move as fast as the young people the old man will not have sufficient energy to move to some place but a young guy can move very fastly for example if an young planned to enjoy his wekend in resort he can move veery easily to that place without hesitation but the old people must look after so many cases he will think wether he can travel that much distance or not the and he wont be so much engertic to enjoy so if he comes also he cant enjoy look at the disco parties and pubs we can lot of young people rather than oldpeople especially in discos its the fun place for young people to enjoy a lot by dancing in this places its is not possible for lold people to enjoy by dancing because they wont have sufficient energy to dance not only that young can go for swimming and diving where they can enjoy a lot but the old people wont show interest due to lack activeness most of the old people feel to stay at home and taking rest rather than gooing out for enjoyment most of the old people will stay in home in home there wont be any enjoyment but for young people they will plan so many things with their friends to enjoy like going to pinic and tours with the friends where they can enjoy a lot the old people wont prefer for picnic if they pefer also they will get tried after reaching to the spot instead of enjoying they will take rest for young people it is start stage of life so they will be intersted in enjoyment but old people its the ending of life and they had enjoyed alot when their are young and they will look after the family so the old people will become tried at the end of his life so when they were old they will show interest in taking rest rather than enoying for young there are lot of sources to enjoy while compared to the old people so bsaed upon the above points i finally conclude that young people can enjoy more than the older people do
nowadays , many people just study what they wants to know , waht they like and what they intersted in , they did't care the gratuarer , they wants to get master even the doctor .
so these people only know the specific subject well , however , others they do not know as many as others .

if you enter into the university , if you wants to make more friends , you had better know anything about the world , not only math , bescause many peopel did not wants to talk about that at part time , therefor , you should know many other academic subjects , like physicis biology and so on , these are more interested than the maths subject .

if you enter into the society , you should have broad knowlege of many academic subjects in order to sovles any problem you will met in the future , and you can talk with the others in everywherer .
that will give you many advance campare with others .

i am a student who like sports very well , you can see me anytime at the basketball corse , i can play it all day if i have the chance , but erey time come back to home , my sister and brother are talk each other , they always say somethings with music , however i do not konw that very well , so i just stay in my house and read the book about basketball .

conclusion , what i write above is my idea , if you do not have a borad knowleage of many academic subjects you will not live in this
I agree that the younge people have not help their communities .
There are many resons why young people dont particpate in community .
I will count them in this essay .

First they dont have the time because of the responpilities that they have in thire young ages such as school and other home releted responspility .
That thier parents give them .

Sconde they dont participate becasue of the educatin , at school there is not enough encourgment to do this kind of work which is giving to the community .
Also they are not touaght to give to communities and not just to take from it .
Moreover most the time they work as induvisals even when they work as group the work is dont mostly by one or two members only .
And all the members of the groups will be giving crdit for the work that one or two student have done .

Fainaly the young popoel dont give much to cummunites because of the life style that most of the poeple around the world have , which is the urban life style .
The urban life style cares about the indivisual family as four or five members like father , mother and the children .
But in the rural there is the big family which is the community that they live in and this creates the community spiret amonge the young people theand it will it grows with them as they grow older and they will pass it to thier children and so on .

in conclison , the young pople dose not paticipate in the community because of lack of time , education they get in school and because of the urban life s
when you have any problem , Will the memory hep you to solve that problem ?
or maybe will be more usefull the logic ?
In any aspect of our life we find problems wich are waiting to be solve , to find out their solution we have to use our brain , our capability to develop a solution .
Understand ideas and concepts help us to think .

Firstly , when we are young is necesary to learn facts that will be our basic backgrounds to develop our mind .
However when we became in adults , we need more than know when had place a certain fact .
Understanding ideas we unconsciently learn to solve problems by our own , not only in our dailly life but also in other different aspets of our lifes .

Secondly , thinking in academic life we can use an example .
Imagine a Maths class , the teacher gives you a mathematical problem .
In that case , memory could not help to you .
You need to understand the ideas and the concepts that you learned before .
There are a important relation betwen a huge range of stuffs in our lifes related to the maths .

Concluding , where is the convenience to know a great amount of facts if we do n't know how they interact ?
Traveling to another city is good way to spind any vacation .
If i have to travel , i like to be in a group led , so there are three reasons why i like to travel in a group led The first reason is that a tour guide is going to help me to know about everything about any city .
Becaus he has the informtion about the city which i am going to go to it , i can ask him to give me anything i wan .
He will be helpful with me , and he answer about my question .
He like to aswer any question to me .

The second reason is that he will make a lot of thing to be the travel interesting to me .
For example he will put some activities like soccer football , swim , dance , and other activities .
If I like these activities , i will go with him next time .
I will tell my freinds , famlies , and everyone who i know .
It is good to go with someone who have a lot of activities .

THe third reason is that when i go with him , he will make everthing easy for me .
For example i do not have to be afraid for fodd .
Going to another city during the vacation is good for every people , and the will be relxing in the some city .
I know there are many reasons , but these are three reasons why i like to travel in a group le for me .
i agree with that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide for several reasons such as , to discover new places , to feel safe and get good prices .

first , in any where or place need to be with someone who knows the place where you want to go because he can take you to places as you wish .
for exaple , last summer i went to japan by myself .
so , at that ti me there was a friend who knows me .
after ward , he took me to many beautiful places in Tokyo .
so if i was alone i would n't feel enjoy .
that person was really a good tour guide .

second , in any country even in USA which is one of the safest countries around the world , you will feel unsafe if there is no person can tell me which places should i go or not , which time should you go outside or not to go .
meanwhile when you have a tour guide , that means you are safer especially if he from the area which you will go that will be better .
as a result , he is going to be your securty because the people will know that you have a citizen who works as a guide .

last point , is getting good prices and that is true .
for instance , in Africa specifically in Egypt , if you have a taxi 's friend , that means you are strong person .
morever , nobody will sell you by high prices or take much money from you without doudt .
other ways if you are alone there almost all the theifs and sellers will take money from you without anyright .

in conclusion , if you do n't want to think a lot and you want have fun , to feel safety and to be smart by the dealing with the people , just travel with a tour guide .
Some people believe that successful people sould try new things and take risks .
Others do n't .
Personally , I ca n't totally agree with both .
For one reason , successful people should face new things to be more skillful and adept .
Moreover , they ca n't have the same routine evryday .
On the other hand , they should focus on what they are good at to enhance and improve their ambitions and dreams .

For the second reason , I find it delightful and glamorous to take risks specially for successful people .
Because they have to be astute and wise and that will appeal by collecting data by having a new experince and a new risk .

For the third reason , sometimes they should'nt take damage risks .
For example , I once heared that their was a wise successful person who went to the tropical forests to take a new hazard .
Unfortunatly , he ended up dead .
So vividly , their are limits by having risks .
Moreover i think it is compulsory to know them .

For the forth reason , sometimes successful people should pursue their happiness .
Because I find it outstanding to congregate and gather by having new risks .
Plus it may lead you to your own ambition .
For example , I was out once with family and friends I was scared of sky diving but they forced me to play it and I intrestingly I 've liked it alot .
Moreover , I play ski diving evry month now .

Eventually , I think trying new things has an amaizing features amaizing .
However , successful people should focus on the things that they know how to do well too .
Nowadays , more and more people like thaveling , may be I think the reason why is that those who live in the big city will always feel so busy and noisy , so so traveling becomes a part of their lives , but traveling has many ways to reach your requirement , some people like traveling with a guide in a group , and others are not , although the more people you travel with , the happier you will be , I think , but , I like traveling with myself .
First , if I travel by myself , there is nothing to limited me , I can go anywhere whatever I want , I mean I can get rid of those sound from the guild and noisy people , for example , If I want to go shoping , but the guild is calling you , so I think I have no mood to buy or to see , on the other hand , you will feel so bad noisy form those people in your group when you buying things , all of these will destroy your mood .

Secondly , If I travel by myself , I can assign the time instead the guild do , such as going to the hotel , when should I get up next morning and so on , for example , If I watch a football game tonight , so I think I ca n't get up early next morning , I have alternative choice , or If I eating things , I can relax myself to enjoy it , but If you travel with a group , you must follow the time which arange by the guide , so I think there is no freedom for me to do everything .

Third , I think every one like to do something which they want to do , so travel by oneself is a good choice for these people , and they can get relax , freedom , and get rid of noisy form big city , so I prefer to travel by myself .
I agree with the statement that our youth is not investing enough time to the development of theis communities .
There are several reasons why .
I will metion them briefly and later in the text would be find an explanation of these reasons .
The main reasons for the young people not worrying about their comunities are the following : new communication media and modern paradigm .

1. The modern paradigm :

As a result of the French revolution the modern era arises , an Era in which God is thought to be dead and the people fight for liberty .
These new worl perspectives have their weak points .
One of them wich I belive to be the most crucial one is that nowadays people think that any value is correct , that it is just diversity of thought and taht good for liberty .
So the most unapealing values are seen as equally right as those that are the key to virtuosity .
What im trying to show with these is that now that averything is equally why would one help tha community instead of following the most basic manifastation of selfishness and help only oneself in these path .
So basicly these modern perspective of values influenced directly on the youth attitudes toward the others .

2. Comunicationmedia : these new world of technology brought to us the possiblity of a better and faster communication system but it is often manupulitated and use for the benefits of the less .
And the val
It is important for student to understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn the facts , i agree with this that students should understand the ideas of the concept .

knowledge of the student is behind the theory .
he can do through theoritical .
students should get ideas on the both theoritical and the practical tests .
In the theory we will get the concept and in the practical we will get the knowledge in detail what is happening in that concept .
A student can learn and understand and anything can be made through theoritical or practical .
By getting the ideas the student can improv his knowledge .
In the theoritical he can get the ideas but up to certain limit , where as in the practical test we will get the ideas in the deapth .
In the practical test we can learn the concept in detail , and with the ideas we the do the experiment .
With out the ideas and the concept we can , t perform anything .
first we have to get an idea and the description of concept going to be performed in that concept .

student can improve the communication skills he can improve his ideas .
ideas are the strength of the students , with out the ideas student can not be performed .
if any one of them ask for an idea we will be in a stage to give the idea .
kowledge is the power of the student , and the concept without the concept we ca n't do nothing , for every small example there will be a concept , and without this concept we can not perform anything .
what we are going to achieve , and students should understand the ides and the concept .
this are the specific reasons for the students to understand ideas and concept .
concept will give the ability what is going to be performed .
Some people says that there will be fewer cars in feature .
But I disagree with that oppinion I think there will be more car than there are today .
first , from the begining of car manifacture , the number of cars have been incresed .
and there is no history that number of car is decreasd that id first reason why i think number of car will not decrease .
secondly the affection of cars are increasing .
todays when people go sonewhere they use car more than other public tranceportation .
becuse going out by car is more convenions .
and people want convenions more and more .

and their is no alternative to car .
maybe you will say air craft , but there have to have to be wide land to aircraft to put on .
but i think it will there will be less land in future than now .

another reason is that willbe more population in twenty years later than today .
so as number of people grower , it will also grow number of car , people want .
and in twenty years , car will develop more and more .
and ability of human will grow .
and if li that happen , gorvenment will lower the limitation of age , which people can drive .
like reasons above , i insist that there will be more number of cars in twenty years than todays .
I disagree that cars will decrease at society after twenty years .
I have three main reasons for this : environmental problems , lacking of space to park cars and reducing fossil fuels .
First of all , today , cars strongly effect to environment .
Thus , the goverment may restrict the use of cars .
For example , automobiles emit a lot of carbon dioxide .
According to research of Environmental Ministry , Second of all , increasing population , there are no land to park cars .
It means that houses for living people will be built priolitily in free space .
Finally , fossil fuels for cars may shrink , because the industrial structures , factories , power plants , and so on , are more important for nations .
For these reasons , I disagree with the idea that there will be fewer automobiles than there are today .
Most advertissements make products seem much better than they really are .
I desagree for a moment because '' business is business '' and , if you built a society , you 'll like success of your result .
So , when the general industries make products better than the maximal level , this problem touch our natural environement .
Eessential way to succeed is trying new things with less risks .
Therefore , I disagree that successful people try new things and take risks .

Succcessful people to eager to get knowledge as much as possible and pay effort all the time .
That 's why they look like that they try things what they already know how to do well .
Moreover , they tend to be careful to challenge new thing such as business and sports .
Before they start dsomething , they imagine and exmaine .
Them , when they have confidence , they callenge it .
For example , successful first food chain company exmins how many and what kinds of people walk arround the area where they want to open the new store .

People who try new thins takng lots of lisks are sometimes fascinating people .
In addition , they rarely success .
Nevertheless they succeed in the past , they tend to be fail someday .
For exmample , some succeeded internet business owner losts their all money suddenly .
Their cuccess was based on the fassion of society and business tendency .
Unfortunatelly , they misunderstood the way to scucceed .
Therefore , they used tons of mney they got before to something new business .

I believe taht success always bring the people basen on their effort .
Pople who did theiyr best are always less risks .
Therefore trying new thing s witought risks are tip to be success .
The knowledges are very important in the life , only those anyone cant stolen you because are in your mind , for this knowledges you can improve your development daily in your life , when the time goes on in your life you learn different knowledges from different ways .

In my opinion im agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject the to specialize in one specific subject .
For have broad knowledge of many academy subjects you have to study a lot and paid attention to many things for understand well for specialize in one specific subject you only have to focus in one subject and you may controlate all its derivates .

With knowledge of many academic subjects you can development various jobs because you have knowledges for that , with knowledge of many subjects you are more intelligent person than with one specifct subject because the study of a lot of things develop your capacity for think and for learn more and fast .

The advantages of have knowledges of many subjects are that you can find job in distincs offices and you have more probability to join in one but those things have a disadvantage too because you have to learn very well many things and in specific subject the probability you dont have to learn much bue when you try to find a good with good pay is more difficult but if you have how work and you realize it fine you can find a good pay job .
In my opinion , to specialize in one specific subject is rather than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
The reason why is because specific subject use to our life .
For example , we know + flew - .
But factully Secondly , It need to experiance .
so old man is power fainally , It become a money .
Well , i think that the statement has 2 ponits of view , i i can assure you because of my personal life experience with my acttual own business .

The First Point of view

Like Donald Trumph there are many people that take new risk in business ( for instance ) and start campaings totally diferent that usuall .
Donal is a Real State business man , a constructor developer , a golf court owner , and recently a TV host with the Apprentice !

So he try to do the best in many areas , obviuosly very well researched , because when you have success you leanr some rules that teach how to be on top allways no matter what , por example :
a. Think possitive b. Fail is good , because you learn from it c. You allways have to be surrounded by people smatest than you , in order to make a team that helps you achieve your goals .
d. You have to serve ALLWAYS , because you are a person who works for the people and that people is the one that give you the success .
e. You have to be a visionare or a pioneer , and see what other ca n't see to help the society grew up .

Well as you see my point of view is like the business side because i like it and i know a lot .

The Second Point of view

BUT in the other hand , my own experience teach me that if i get lazy and sleeps on my success i can not do new things because i allways be waiting the same success from the same source and keep all my risk down , because i `` think '' i 've got the FOREVER formula and try to stay in my status quo .

In sumary , i think that the human been that is successful , have to probe him self that he CAN DO IT in other areas different in order to stay alert and grew up in knowledge , perfection and happiness .

Thanks
My opinein is the take wrong way to answear this stuotine qustion .
However they try to sersh about the importint point to understand this proplem .
Anyway I think if they understand the stuotion very well then you can take the way is halp you to fix any proplem in any part in the life .
For exampol when they take trees to learn about it the they take something are have connecting with this problem and I think this is corect way to be know about this stuotion .
In another hand they went to take wood to help them to push what opinein the trees give they to anderstand .
During an academic education , personc face with a challenging contraversion mainly , specilielazi on one subjects to study or being more versatile when makin thjis desition .
In my point of view , iy seems resonable to chose , specililazing on a certain branch rather then many of them .
This may lead to cultivate your knowlege diligancely in a branch and also it is more easy way to be succesfull acedemicly .

First of all studying many subject at onec may seems us to know more abouth acedemicly .
however when you try to be deal with many subcjects .
It deduce to miss the major points of them individually .

Next semester for examle , I try to take extra courses as a result of my high grades , whetre I thought achive succesfully all my majors , I realize that , I miss lots off points when I try to deal whith both diffent branches .

Moreover specilizing in a single era , has a crucial importance for an acedemic person .
If you completly understant the subject broadenly both ways , you will be able to aqcuantind about all featurs of this branch indeed , It contribute to became a major this era , and provide to expedite the time to became more adequte to acedemicly increase .

Of caurse I have the same manner that , working diffrent subjects may reveal to easly make preferances abouth , which of them you want to work about , however try to now lot about everyting is indisputably im possiable gaoul to achive indeed .

So in conclusion , i firmly belive that to prevail the rivilies in the contraversiol u academic conditiouns may only possible to be now comprehensively about a subject indded .
There could be an argument regarding the issue that nowadays , many advertisements make their own items seem much better tnan they really are .
Some people might think that advertising products are simmilar to the real items .
I , strongly disagree with that idea in that many companies exageratly advertise their products .
Also , advertising cost is so expensive that they can not help themselves but to do not invest thier money to improve stuffs .

Fist of all , Most firms exaggerate their items in order to appeal viewers and readers .
This is mainly because through this they can maximize thier profit .
For instance , `` Clinique '' , which is the cosmetic company , always advertises their ones : If you are use clinique cosmetic stuff , you can look youger then others and have clean skins .
However the reality is totally different .
But , I am alway deceive and perchose this items because the boyant advertisement

In addition to the above reason , earning money from advertisment is not used to improving producs because investing the cost to the advertisment is extremly expensive .
Therefore , they can not focus on investing financial resource to enhance their product .
It makes vicious circulation .
Customers spend amount of money on buying poor items which is not good enough they think .

For these reasons , I am against the ida that most ad make i
Acachely I write abawet may communitie and who the people support youg people to gaet what importaant bat also not enogh I thunk in the fuchar and naw nied mack moor organaies to hellp the youg people nowadays from the gavarmant maibay to bot the loo or bulet acassuition and taeck same dustion to help Aunteul naw the support cam from the
Yes , I do .
But perhaps I need to do a correction of that .
Because does n't always happend .
When a person try to do things that other people find out much riskly is because this person does n't feel complete .
An other answer to find out why a successful man make a risk his life could be the bore in his life .
When a person have much more success once he has got all that a man could desiring .
But when you have all that you want you do n't stop to desire .
Still you want !
This is one 's but there are more .
People that have had success love play with the fire .
Hight emotions make them powerful and allowed them to become safer themselves .
This can also increase their successful !!!
The
It 's the nature of people to produce new ideas and people grow their ideas with their academical studies , make them more stabil by digging ino the subject .
The more people learn , the more they produce , the more they invent .

Ages before many people had an avarage knowledge and an avarage idea and solution productivity .
About 100 years ago all doctors has taken care of any kinds of illness ' or injuries but today when your heartbet ghanges routine you see a cardiologist or if you have some problems with your kidneys you see a prof of its .
all bcouse that one is the specialist on the subject .

All of the inventions and discoveries were made by the professionals of the subject .
By the end of the Second World War USA dropped the first atom bomb made by Einstein , not an ordinary physics graduate or a teacher .
He was also the specialist in his studies , of course .

Consequently people spcializing in their subject is a necessity for the public .
Each individual may need some
I agree with this , because I think it will be expencive gas of cars in twenty years .
It is getting to expencive the gas in the world now .
It is getting to decrease amount of gas in the world , so it is getting to difficult to get gas and expencive to get .
In addision , if it will be a war in SaudiArabia , it will be difficult to get gas more and more .
Second , we should think about enviroment of the earth .
We have a lot of problem about polution in the world .
To getting warm in the world is one of the problem , so we should not ride a car by ourselves .
We should be decreased about CO2 in air .
And if it will be expencive gas of cars , we will use tranceportation , like a bus , a subway and a train .
It is good way to decrease of CO2 .
Finally , I think there are a lot of convinience tranceportation better than a car in twenty years .
A car is not going to be covinience .
We are going to use public trancepotation naturally .
That is why , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
Yes , i agree that it is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for themto learn the facts .
any country growth is depends on the student .
Student can act the majore role in the growing of any country .
So there is a nessecity and importance for the students to understand ideas and concepts .
if they are not understanding the ideas which are implementing to develop it wil more effect on the nation and all the requirements for the development of the country .

For example , if anyone can give the ideas for the development if the student is not understanding in the right way so there no result will appear , so for good results every student can understand that what they are oing and what they have to do because of if they think right way it is good if they think in wrong way the result will be effortend on the all of the people which are leaving in the country .

If the problem will occure at that time they solve the problem by thinking in the right way so it cannot create the some more problems if it not solving the right they can creative the more problems and it wil effect on the nation .
the future of the country or nation is purely depend on the students , how they can approch and how they can get the good position .
And also there is a need of learning the facts .

Most of the students can not understand the main ideas and concepts for the development so they will effect more so this problem can be avoid by some other student who can having the good knowledge and who can understand the things easily that means the ideas for the development .
so there is need of understanding the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

Some of the students can not agree with the facts and also they are neglegible for this facts so that people can lose the good quality of the understanding power so i suggest that every one can get the good understanding power and every one know that how they can understand the things for the development of the nation .
so it is more importent for the students to understand ideas and the concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
so the nation or the country can develop more and acheives the good position .
development is inthe students hand .
Being a ` specialist ' or a ` generalist ' , is a ongoing debatable question .
To be the best on one part , is a great job .
But the advantages of being a specialist outweigh the disadvantages .
The rationale behind is that specialist could be and generalists are more required in modern sociey .

People usually respect the person who have great influences on their job .
In modern society , however , the person who can deal with many parts are more required .
From my personal experiens , when I paid attention to many parts on subject , I had good grade on test .
According to newspapers , in addition , universites suggest that student have two majors .
Students who have two magars outdo students who have only one major .
In a bookstore , there are many books about science-humanity and art - science .
In this sense , it is necessary to expand our knoweldge of many academic subjects .

Broaden knowledge makes people have a various of view on problems .
Stucking on only one subject maybe become narrow opinion .
By studying diverse academic areas , people can understand and have many opinions on issues .
My profe
It is contraversial issue that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities whether or not .
Some people might agree with this statement because they spend time to watch television and play games .
However , I disagree that they use the Internet for making their interrest things for meeting and communicate long time to MSN and cellula phone .

To begine with , the internet in meeting is made young people .
As one might expect young people are likely to long time in fornt to computer .
They communicate their interrest thing like sport , food , and cloth .
We know that the internet have a lots of cafe .

In addition , they communicate to MSN and cellula phone .
Accord to the Korea Daily Newspaper said that young people spend 5 hour per day to the internet massanger .
For example , my sister also spend time to MSN .
And she talk with her friends .

In brief , young people take time helping their communities in order to making meeting and using MSN and cellula phone for their comminities .
Can we imagine a day without advertisements ?
Advertisements are nowaday a big part of our economy .
A business plan have to be prepared with a specific policy as regard advertisement .
I agree with this statement for many reasons .

First , in my opinion , something advertised is presented to the population as the best one in its best presentation .
it occur when we seean advertisement for foods .
When you have the food in your plate , you appreciate the difference .

Then , most pepole a credule .
They have not the knowledge to compare or to juge the product .
Principally the old person when they have to buy for example a television .

Next , an other big part of the population is very influenced by advertisement .
They see it , buy it thinking that is the best and seek the difference with an other different .

As long as the rules do not change , the advertisement system will still edge up .
I really agree with this statement , in life the people who try to discover new things taking risk have one motivation to still becomen better every day , is like a kind of auto motivation .
For example in a Medica Doctor student , the professors has a study plan , but if the student limite to follow that plan he will only adquire the minimal information to become a doctor , but he do not will have the hability to success from over the other students so , the professional doctors not notice him presence to ask him to mbecome a part of their team member .

People need to take risk , try different things , need to look not only that they have in front , they have to explore the world and improve new technology with this kind of activitis they will success more than others that only do that they know how to do well , they never become a greater person , at work they never grow up , they will be confined to their sites for their lifetime .

An example of a success person who take risks and to more could be Bill Gates , he was a simple and normal student that love the computers but one day he has a dream , he begin to contact people , he do things , he promote his product and now , he is one of the most successful persons in world , because they dont want to do every day only things that he know well how to do , he want to improve new things , and he did it

So in conclusion it is pretty obvious that the people who do more that they suppose to do , become much more successful that the people that only do what they already know how to do , and for this I invite to everyone to do more everyday , do all that you want to do , explore the world , enjoy the life , and success .
On the first part , we have to know what is an advertisements , if there is many type of them .
What they may products ?
Let begin with an exemple of advertisements that we can see every day : smoking kills .
this is a good advertisements cause we do know that it is not healthy to smoke and however , there are a lot a persons they do that .
So , if we continue with this exemple we can proove alos that the fact of reading on your box of cigarettes that it kills gave the opportunity to a good numbers of persons to stop it .

the problem with that word advertisements is its type , the destination of the advertisement , who makes it and what should be the effects on people .

In the foreign affairs , a crisis situation can conduct to advertisements from a country to an other .
We can read that everyday in the newspapers that the UN are giving advertisements to a country like Iran or North Correa about their own nuclear program .
The message has been delivrated but did it help , this is an other question .

On the other hand , there is a familiar expression wich is : an advertising man is like two men .
It means that when you have been advertising of something by someone , you are that much cleaver than Two of yourself .
It can illustrate very well the question .

To conclued i can say that i do not agree with this sentences cause i think that is the experience that can make products , real products .
First of all , I disagree with the says of having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject becuase of the important of been a specialize in one subject mean that you have more information anf knowledg in this area more than the others .

To be specialze in any subject help the people the be expartise on there work and they can intreduce more help and knowledge on this one subject .

As an example , if I am working in onlu Houbara conservation which is very rare field that mean that i will know more that other people in the mithids and the tools to save this indanger bird .

If you are specialze in one subject you will have time ti fine and to do more resrach on this subject and also to find solutions if any problem hapen and attached to this subject .

Other example to be a doctore , if you sick you will go to a specialze doctore but you will not go to any doctore .

Specialize mean that when and how you use what .
Fainally , to be specialize is meaning that you but the tight things with the right pearson or specialist .
Cars are used more and more common in today , especially in China .
Obviously using cars brings great conveniernt to life , but I think the whole number of the car will reach the peak in the future and then decrease .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

First of all , the car use oil to run , but the amount if oil resource is limited in the earth .
The price of original oil in the international market keep raising .
In the future , the cost of owning a car will be much higher than today , peole will change their way of transport .

Secondly , too many cars cause too many traffic problems .
In many big city , traffic jam is nomal .
During the day of busy time , people cannot take advantage by using cars , they are blocked in the car by the illusion of the traffic .
Maybe one can walk to the the place he want faster than using a car .
And while the city be devoloped , the taffic system can be designded more efficiently , people can use more and more cheap and conveniet tools to reach the palce they want not only by cars .
Another question is considerable that no matter how modern the city is , the space is limited ,, if everyone use a car , the outcome is out of imagination .

Cars product most of the waste gas that polluted the air and make the weather get warmer and warmer .
In reccent years , the average temperature incresed a lot .
If we still use so many cars , putting off so many waste gas , one day all of the ice-moutain will turn into water then all of the islands and some part of the continent will sink under water .
No one can measure the lost and how could we find another place for human to live except of the earth ?
Many succeful people hate to do the same things and they like to take risks and to try new things .
And of course i support this idea and these people and I agree with this statement because after an experiences in my life and facing alot of successful people and I can concider my self as a successful girl , maybe because I hate routines and I always like to try new things .
For example last year when i took the license car and I was really scared to drive by my own self but one day and it was this year i tried to drive alone with no body near to me and I did , I was really glad and proud from my self .
All successful people try every thing new in their life and for that they success in every thing they do , they hate routines because it 's really dull .
In trying new things they may success and may fail but they concidered it , as an experience and we always concidered them as succesful people even if they fail in one experience it 's not the end of the life .
when they will fail they can redo the same thing and succed on it .
It 's really important to try every thing new because in our life we only live once for that we have to take risks and to try every thing new even if there is a thing that it is not allowed to do it we have to try it only to say that we face an experience in your life .
Arrangment for trip There is many ways to travel , but when you want to make a good trip you have to get a group led by a tour guide for many reasons that are time arrangment , gain new friends , it will cost the person lower than the normal .

In each trip the time is going to be an important factor .
How you are going to manage you time with out the leader who has enough expeirnce on that area that you area going to visit .
For example , I remaamber one time I went to egypt with out a tour guide and I spent too match time to see the important location .

When you get a group and a tour guide you will have a good time for many resones first you are going to share your information and recive an other informaiton from the others .
For example , I went to United stats with a group of people and our tour guid .
He give as a schadual for first week and he made for us a disscastion time to gain information .

I made a conpartion between the first trip and the second trip adn I face that the first trip cost me more than the second .

Finally , I feel that a t
In my opinion , succcesful people try to new things while they are with many mistakes , and they will keep until it will be success what they want to make somothing .
For example , Egyison Tohmas who made a electolonic things .
He is familier with everyone and he is popular person for successful .
So I agree with successful people try new things and take risks .
There are two reasons .
One reason is seccess and failuer are conected always .
When i learn cooking first time .
I could n't cook anything even though just cut foods , at that time I cut my hands , yet when I cooked a food second times , it was a success .
Another reasons is try new things are discover somthing new ever I have n't knew things .
I like to know new things and I do n't care what kind of risks .
Thus I think It is important to try new things and take risks for successful people .
this question is a really compliqued question .
i am a student i agree that for me is most important to understand the subject that about just know the fact .
in history if you understand the idea you have the fact but if you know the fact you maybe not understand the idea .
for the student is most interesting to discase with the teacher that just read a book .
the important in a class is make the student happy .
if the student has good mark in the class he probably liked the classe .
but if the student has bad mark he maybe liked the class too .
i mean that the student can like a classroom if he has good mark but can like a class where he has ad mark .
the teacher can help in this way .

if the teacher just take the book and say `` read page 234 in ten minutes a quiz. '' the student probably do n't like the class .
if the teacher say `` ok who want discass the subject with me today after i make a quiz about we discase '' the student listening ehat teacher says and understand the subject faster that if he just read the book and do n't say anything and actually sleep on is book .
i remeber a student who has so much troubles in history in my grad ten year history .
in grad eleven class history we change teacher and the teacher decide to use discase and try to explain the subject with example .
this student has is mark improve so much .
an today long time after this history class i remember pretty well my history class .
and my opinions change so much about history .
for the student lern we need interest the student and making feeling happy in all of is class .
if this system is wrking why we are not tried in every class .
Working with group is one of the best way to improve the community .
because every body can give some ideas that they can help each other .
I disagree with theese young people .

We must find time for this point , because i think its a shame on us if we dont help the other with ouer ideas .
Mabe some young people think that their own works from learning or buseniss is more important than help the other .
But i think its nessesery from them to programe they time to not mix bitween this and that .

They also will take many good things from advices and encourages from the other people , and sure that will help them in they owen works .

finally , i want to advice every young people to be with their communities and help them , because its a good manar from them .
and absoloutly they will got meny usefui things in their lifes .
I disagree with this topic simply .
because I see the young people who help their comunities very often .
in the course of development about human living , many young people do not have enough time to helping their communities .
actually , compare with the past , it is true many people do n't help other people even if they have enough time .
but I think that cannot be serious problem of ethic in communities .

First , almost all schools has volunteer clubs for communities .
and students can learn easily that 's the right ways and that 's the good for everyone .
for example , to help somebody who is difficult to do something or cleaning streets .
moreover , there are subject for helping communities in some special schools ( but not really common anyway ) .
that 's why we can see young people who learned about ethic and volunteer .
even though they not do it too much , I believe that people in communities are satisfied with young people 's little helping .

Second , if students will help their communities during vacation , some schools gives points for score of semester .
unfortunately that 's not very good situation , anyway young people should give enough time to helping their communities .
but in my experience .
this behavior is not really useful .
many students are good volunteer but some bad young people does not help their communities really .
because they only want to get the points for semester .
besides schools cannot observe them completely , they do n't do their best .
fortunately that bad young people are not many so we can see the young people who help their communities by this second way .

As a result , there are many young people who learned what is really good and what is really bad .
and they do their best to helping their communities by many ways .
that 's why I 'm sure our society is happy because of young people .
I agree with the statement `` most advertisements make products seem mush better than they really are . ''
The first reason is that they are useing the light and many staff to make the products more colorful , freash , and tasty and show to costmors the photo .
I had many expriencese about food .
When I was living in the domn , I was hungry and lazy to cook by myself then I went market and bought some instant food .
On the box , the picture was looks like so nice , but after I went back home and ate .
It was so nasty .
I just throw it in to trushcan .

The second reason is that nowdays every company want to sell their products to costmors to get more money , so no one want to say our products are n't very good .
It is meaning they can be honest to costmos .
They only think about how to sell even they will cheat on costmors .

Overall , that is why I belive most advertisements make products seem much better
For me , it s important to have broad knowledge of many academic subject because I want become a manager so I must be able to have a good how know in different subject to be efficace whit a group and understand fastly what I must do or not .
I must have experience and how know .

But I thing also that is important that have one specific subject , One thing that we like , we love more than the other activities .
For my part it s not better to have broad knoweldge of many academic subject , it s only very important if you want become a manager for exemple , but it s more important to have a specific subject that we can enjoy about it .

For my part , I will work on a factory who create travel And manifestation ...
my specific subject are the sens of organisation and my creative spirit .
But I need to work with different service , finance , the rules ...
and I will be apple to check the work of the other service so I will have knowledge of many academic subject .

In fact , I can organise nothing if I don t know what I can do or not or how I can do it .
I think , first you must have broad knowelgde of many academic subject and after you can specialize on what you want .
Morever , I think that the most important thing to do is doing what you really want .
So , I prefer
In my opinion , I think that for students it is more important to understand ideas and concept , because the student do n't forget them .
For example , I study civil engineer and for preparation my examinations , I understand more concept , scientific teory have many concepts that elaborated many ideas , instead if I learn facts , I must hope that I do n't forget them .

When I have starting the university I have find a very good professor that I teach my like understand fully ideas and concept , as to do summarize fact in few ideas and concept , for have complessive panoramics of the problem .

On first time , I worked hard to improve this method , but I have satisfactions while I was studing and during examination .
My memory is not very hard to memorize each ideas and cocept so I write each thing .
Writing help me to recognize and understand ideas and concept , another way of understand ideas and concept is that recording lessons , conversation and other that is important for my everydays 's life .

However is more important understand what there is beyond things , therefore ideas and concepts .
For example when somebody projectd an object , He uses ideas and cocepts of theories that him understand .
For other students that study in umanistic university , I think that it is more important for them learn facts .
Infact when they go to examinations , they must talk about specific facts , like for example stories as civil war , and so They studied specific fact and not only understand ideas and concept .
Eventhough some people agree that after twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , Ido n't share there opinion becuse of some spesific reason i have .

First , world population is increasting rapedly and there is a need to use cars nowaday , becuse of that i belive because we need cars now how it could be in the future .

Second , new generation will have a driver licen to drive a car , but it does n't mean that old generation will desapper they will mixed up and will be to crawded in the streets .

Finally , i think the cars will not desapper they will be more and more cars than what we had today .
Most advertissements make products seem much better than they really are for many reasons .
I agree because they have to increase the number of clientele , sale , and more competitive .
To maintain the products more valuable they have sometimes use strategies to keep the clientele with same enthousiasm .
Therefore have obligation to imput more money in commercial .
Population in the USA is Capitalist and very exigeant .
The fact it spends lot of money to buy certain articles , becomes intolerant .
Therefore advertisements need all time make products more attractive to increase constanly the clientele .
Like that the compagnie will able to put more money in the developement of the organism : formation , research and increase their budget .
I disagree with this question .
I think older people could enjoy life more than young people .

Old people can feel various things deeply beause of their experience .
The things they do not feel interesting in youg age will change enjoyable .
Older people knows things more than young people .
That knowledge make their width of joy expand .

For example , I think watching picture is typical .
The young people who can be interesting in watching picture would be less than old people .
Watching the audience in musium proof it .
Young people are difficult to find out the atomospher , sence , deepth from just watching picture because of their shortness of life .
But old people will be able to feel life of writers just watching picture with hinking of own life .
This kind of enjoy is calm but very deeply , and this can not do young people .

And old people , in main case , have grandson or granddaughter .
I do not have children .
But when I was in childhood , I often played with my grandfather .
He loved me so much as if there are no other treasure for him .
Visiting his house , he always wellcomed to me with very nice smile .
Thinking of this , having grandson and meeting , playing with them is not only fun but also joy of life .

This enjoy is only feel old man .
Young people never feel this .

Young people actually enjoy life .
Playing sports , drinking with friends , etc .
But I think the real enjoy for life would be for old people .
It is better to have more academic subjects , because you can learn better and have more informations .
This is important to have a better information about the subjects .
But if you have only one specific subject , you can better concentrated and learn only for the one .
It is better to have different chances to take one subject .
In the next future the number of cars in use will probably fall down .
These thesis can be proofed with some important facts .
Nowadays the cars ' number is getting bigger bigger , congestioning the road and the city .
Move by car in a big city it 's very difficult because of the traffic , and move by car in a metropoli like milan or new york it 's nowadays almost impossible .
In addition to this direct mobility problem , the pollution provided by the elevated number of cars it 's starting to cause very serious problem in city living .

Another relevant problem connected to growing cars ' number is the raise of petroleum price , that makes fuel the car more and more expensive .
To fight this problem many cities are trying to promote the pubblic transport use , to reduce pollution in city area provided by car .
To improve the dismissing of the car in many town expecially historycal town ( like rome and florence ) , the acr acces to the city center was very restriced to a very little number of people with special permission , in other cases the traffic in the city center was forbidden at all .

Many studies about cars alternative car fuel are in act to reduce pollution provided by them , but the continuos growth of city and metropolies , and their overpopulation let see that in a not very far future we 'll not be able to acces city by car .

Nowadays unfortunatly the pubblic transport are not so good at work at your own car is , so many people are also prevented to leave their car in benefit of pubblic transport use .

But also in this case many lot of studies and work are in progress to give the people a very good service that can really answer their needs .
In conclusion i agree with the statement , and in twenty years , i think that we 'll must leave our loved and hated car in garage .
I am agree if we do not use cars in twenty years , but how ?
that is a question .
and also if we do not a petrol for the car .
Some country make car without using petrol ' how ?
this car use the x ray of the sun , that will not use a petrol so it will not be polution in the air and we keep the envairoment clear .

Also there another solution we can use a car without petrol how ?
In Germany in BMW designed car by using water or Haydrogeen .
I saw this car , it 's very nice but expensive car no problem I Will not buy one , this car need spcial station for fill the fule .
but also save envairomental from polution .

Also some student make a car by using the air .
So many descotion is trying to prove rather understand ideas and concepts or learning facts is more inportant for the student .
frome my point of veiw , understanding ideas nad concepts is more important for the student .
using the fact in the right way , finding the nessery facts , and the coplex for the understanding are the reasons that I choose it .

The way to use the facts is the first reason that is imoprtant in this subject .
If some body have the information that he or she need to coplete the job but do n't know how to use it , the information will be worthless .
As an exaanple for this situation , if a man have a car but he do n't know how to drive , the car wo n't be a binificul for him .

Along with the method of using the facts , using the proprate information or facts is inportant , too .
After leaning the way to use the facts , which information that we need will be the second step .
Having the information and Knowing how to use it , but do n't know which one to use is another proplem .

Finally , to understand somthing you need someone to teach you or you need to spend a long time to lean it while the fact is much easier to learn .
For the time that you are going to spend and mayby the nony understanding became much inp
I agree with the statement .
I ofen thought that why most advertisements take a lie in my childhood .
I have two reasons about it .
First , I have the experience which I was baught the kind of hobby by soch most advertisements .
I get the game machine .
when I often watched on TV , I watched many Advertisements together .
It make me buy many things .
SO , when I discover the game machine , I thought it had good perfermances .
I ask my mother to buy it to me .
MY mother said it is too expensive to buy now , and she buy it for 1 year .
After then , I could get it ten months later .
I am very happy , but This machine is bad , so I was angry .
Then my mother angry me too because it is hard to her to get this machine , and she think I am happy to get it .

Secend , it make bad relationship for many people with such first reason .
many people expect good goods which is watched on TV .
when it is not good or bad goods , most people feel stress .
It reflect to other person , and many people feel bad .

In conclusion , it is sometimes needed because of incresing products , but inalmost stuations , it is not needed .
Everyone in the world wishes to have a car .
So will the cars be less after twenty years from now ? .
Well in my opinion I do n't think that the number of cars will be less .
Because people need cars to travel , to work , visit there family or friends , use it as a home if it was a van and it is cheap compear to the other transports .
So I dissagree for several reasons :

Firstly no one in the world has the ability to o to there work using there legs every morning in there life .
Because if that happens everyone will be tired at work and suffuring of legs pain .
and that means people will preser to stay at home .
Another reason is that as a buisness person for sure cars will be there best way to let the way of the buisness go well .
For example when I was in the city of my country .
The main thing to travel is to use a car rather than walking .
And if the roud is closed just for one hour that means that the buisness will stop or atleast the market will be low .

Second comes that cars nowdays are at everywhere in the world .
So how it will be fewer than it is now ? .
I do n't think that it will be easy to distroy the cars and find a place to burry them under the earth .
However , most of the people need cars ( vans ) to use them as their home .
that will be a travel home .
They can take their home when ever they need to do that .

At the end as an ower of as car I hardly beleive that cars will not be fewer in future unless there is a another wirld to throw all the cars in is .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , i agree with this statement .

When a company make any product by spending a huge amount of money .
than the company want to sell it .
and then the main Question arises that how they can do it .

They apply publicity stund .
by advertise they try to make it much better than usually the product is .
they try to allure customer .
if the advertise is good and attractive , more people attract towards it .
and buy it on demanding cost .
after making the product they spend lot of money on advertising to make popular it among peoples .
because there is a lot of comptetion in the market and every product maker want to sell more products than others .

for example 2 company make a same product , then there is a great comptetion among maker .
who will allure more to customer , will be in profit .
and advertisement make a base for this .
good advertise for the product , more customer will allure , more profit will occur .

so by this way most of the selling of product depands upon the advertisement .
and so maker take the help of advertise .
I do not disagree with that most adverisements make products seem much better that they really are .
It is obviously advertisements ' job to do and also it is natural human beings .
For instance , when someone took a photo and they need to send their photos to somewhere they might not want to send their photos which looks terrible .

Advertisement is really important that how to pear their products to the consumers .
Advertisement products can be seen as different as they really are because of the different angles and shots .
They requires high techonolgy of photogragh skills with a lights and backgrounds .
Moreover , advertisement has a powerful possibility to let people know about their products and one of the way how the products can be costed .

Therefore , sometimes people could be angry with their product when it is diffrent from what they saw in the advertisement and what they expected though advertisement products could look much better than they really are .
We have all kinds of people in our society .
some people are successful and some people wo n't .
But I feel successful are some some maverik they try out new things they take risks in there work to gain success .
I agree to the following statement `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' I have many examples to explain the above statement but I choose one of that is the maverik actor , director and singer kamal hassan .
he has been successful in his acting career because he tries new things rather repeating story or anything else sometimes he fails to gain profit on introducing movie .
but he never stops to try different things in industry .
for example he introduce a special movie in that they was no speeach or we can call speeachless movie he dare to produce this flim which was a great success in his career and he did not stoped producing different as such as this .
but sometimes he fails to break the box office but he did not stoped producing such movies .
Now he had got 17 flimfare awards and he has called the greatest actor in indian flim industry
I agree that it is more impotant for students to anderstand ideas and concepts because that can help them in there study and be able to do higher scoers inthere sabgiect .
For me , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because in this wey we can have more possibiliy to change my life .
For example , I can specialized in one specific subject but the future can reserve me a lot af problems and so I can costrec to change my work and in this case it is very important have a big knowledge .
In fact , for your private live , a broad knowledge is more valuable than a specialised one .
A broad Knoweledge can halp you in a different situations , for example to try a new job .
For this reson , we must study a lot of subjects and we must try to have a big knowledge for all and different situations .
Whith a broad knowledge you can communicate with everyone about everything .
So it is very important read many newspapers and a lot of books .

But , it is important tell that in some case we can specialize in one specific subject .
But , in these day there is a specialist for everythins and it is not to easy to find a topic to do research on .
You have to knew everything about your topic and this is very difficult .

At the and , i think that a broad knowledge is better for all the people and it is very important .
Sure , I think the successful people always take risk and try new things because they have high self - confidence , they believe on every idea that he or she is thinking and sacrify .
While other kind of persons keeps doing the same thing all the time because they fell save .

The successful person always see the world like a place to develop new projects , although maybe , these will not have the good result .
But there , is playing a specially situation , the self-confidence .
A success person not always have all the idea like a glass , because in this world there are a lot information .
But , They take or use all the information first , to develop things .
Maybe they will take much time to have the answer but one day , they can have a excellent project .

Second , if person believe that her or his idea is good , this person will finish it .
But one person that always play to keep save never have a new idea to follow .

Third , all these characteristics , after mentionate , are important but the sacrify is necesary , too .
One persona who does not have sacried something never will reach a subject in her or his life .
it is difficult decide whether or not the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree that young people do not give enough time to helping their communties .
There are two reasons as below .
First , young people need to communicate with someone who join communties because they can learn many things to become adults .
Second , young people can get good experience and advise to grow their charactertistic .
For example , they talk with elder people , then they have different thinking , so young people can get different view of thinking .

In conclustion , it is very important for young people to join their communities .
They can spend good time in their life .
The student has studied lot of subjects in the school stage .
I belive that the it is the better to student have the knowledge in academic subjects while you are choosing the specialization in one spocific subject .
Because if the student does n't have the knowledge of the specialization .
he will not under standing any thing .
He will face the problem in the futher .

They have the better knowledge to choose the specialization because the student has to know that if he choose that .
What will be the gain to get .
In the form of like jobs , like proffesionals .
if the student choose the write way to choose the specialization that students will sucess in a great way .
Because he know about the subject and he know that what is advantages .

If we take for example the student studied if the is good in maths he will choose the MPC in the inter .
After inter the student will do eng in the college he will choose the the specialization CS means he is good in the computers .
He will good for the computers jobs .

If the student is good in the science in his school stage he will choose the BPC inthe inter .
He write the emcet if he collified in that he will bacome a doctor .
inthat he choose the specialization for that .

If the student is good in the social he will choose the CEC in the inter after like to do degree and some one like to do the MBA program .
Means the student has the knowledge to which subject is better to me and the student should think that which one is sutiable to my profile .
First the student will decide and take the step other wise the student will suffer in the future .

The student have the knowledge for academic subjects than the to select the specialization it is the better way to student for sucess in the life .
yes I agree with that statement for so mane reasons that will mace useinh cars more less then now first of all prising of cars are incrsing evry years from 15 to 20 persnt and also the foll same and in another hand the income olmost stabl or incris by 3 to 5 persnt whch make year by years thebig gab btwin incame and what can spending so the easy way to save in exspins for live that to use ather transpotion ways like bus or undergrond mettro or train for along distnation what make the dimand on more cars fewer or less then prsint dimand also the trafic reasons and the hug exspinsis on roads bush the govarmints to invist and saports the other ways of transpot ation and by other difcalty to contrul it the big numburs of acsidint and humen lossing by car accsidint make this chalng (( usaing anther ways )) is more visabl and prftabl in so mane ways so I see and I am abslut agree with in next twenty years thare will be less and fewer cars in use thne there are today for abreves reasons in hall of the word and I fill the car compane will tray to redus ther conteti of ther brodat by schul forme few next years to by came abarl with the word need and to control ther invastmain with the market chang
thanks
There is no doubt that everyone wants to be success , what are the personality and skill that successful people have and we do n't have ?
Successful people are intelegant and independent .
For me the most important personality to success is creative , as for brave , i agree with that , I think successful people like to try and take risk of new things .

The fist tought I stand on this oppiean is they are not afraid of challenge , because of that , they will want to try anything new , ti find out which thing is better , they are not afraid to fell down , because they will stand up again .

The seacond reason is the desire of success .
If you want to be succesed , you must take risk in lots of new things , to find out which one is good which one is bad , find the good one to stand your work your bussiness , after that you will learn a lot from that experence , be stranger to face more things , that really makes you to be successful .
Successfulness , creativity and adventuring are strongly related terms that constitue the personality of an ambitious , dynamic and self motivated person , they are the moving force behind persons determination to succeed , On the other hand , sticking to the traditions and doing routine things will lead to suppression of persons opprtunities to be improved .

Trying new experinces and envolving in a new fields might be at first accompanied with alot of troubles and difficulties and might at first look like a kind of adventure , but it will in no doubt will bring up with a big advantage for the person , For example ; travelling to new city for settlement will enable you to meet new people and discover new enviroment and learn new habits from other people and this is in fact represent akind of succeed .
Also involving in anew job will be agood source of earning new experinces from other people .

Another example of sucessful people is the scientists , they are a creative people that have the ability to shine further under suitable conditions and they are such a self motivating that can discover new things that benifit the whole society and world .

At the end I believe that successfulness is a strongly related term with creativity and discovery .
I agree with this statement .
I think it is important to have broad knowledge of many academic subject .
It is because we need broad knowledge for all works , lefe and etcetra .
I think that specializing on one specific subject are based on the broad knowledge .

First , for example , we think of economist .
Truely , they are supecialized in the economic subject .
But , they have a lot of knowledge broadly .
It is because economists need to have various knowledge to think of economy .
For instance .
on thinking about economic plan with another county , they need the knowlwdge of the histry , relationship and some other about that coutry .

Second , in our life we need broad knowlege , too .
For example , when we read the newspaper , ther are so much imformation of many things .
If we do not have braod knowledge , I think I cannot understand the almost of the news .
It is because today 's news are made of the histrical things , geografy things and so on .
So we need broad knowledge to understand today 's things .

From these two points , I think it is impottant to have broad knowlege of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are , and i think this is cheeting on pepoel , its like covering a book from its titel .

I disagree with making product look much better then what they really are , firstly is that its cheeting on pepoel from buying the product on what they think it is by looking at it for example I want to buy a table its cheap and in good shap but after i use it , it doesnt continue one day and its broken .
Althought it might be danger for pepeol using it , example buying a chair wich looks graet and strong and an old man sits on it and sudden the man falls down he will get heart , so sometimes it could cause some dameges because of what it looks then what it really is .
Another thing is that these products wont be usfull for nothing just will be bought and thrown away the next day because its of no use so why wast these thing and try to make products more usfull then on how it looks .

In my opinion i think the advertisments should make the product more usfull than what it looks instead of making it much better than what it really is because at the end the product is made to be used not to look at only .
I think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I think that we have to `` open our mind '' to everything because we live in a global society , so we should have many interests .
A broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects could create different interests .
An interest grows through teaching many academic subjects in schools .
I studied many subjects in the secondary school , for example latin , math , italian literature , history , philosophy , biology and I appreciated many views of these subjects .
Now I have many interests and I am able to understand different point of view or discussions .
I think that a knowledge in one specific subject is wrong .
yes i think it is much more important and easier for students to understand the ideas than learning them because if you try to understand something it would stay in your mind but if you tried to learn it , it would take so much more time , so i think for students its much easier to understand than to learn .

for example : i tried my best to study things and learn them and i tried to understand , but you feel it inside you when you understand it you can keep it in your mind you know it by heart but when uyou learn you read it once and twice and three times but it would still be so much hard than understanding it .

so i sudjest that you first should understand if not try to learn it and memorize it by heart .
many reasons can demonstrate in the futur there will be fewer cars than there are today because first of all the matter of the environment actually we try to find a solution to reduce pollution so the best way is to use less cars .

secondly there is the oil issues if we do not find an other energy for cars .
Moreover reserves of oil continue to decrease .
Many governments try to encourage people to use pulic transport and bicycles like the Holland or the United kingdom where there are fewer parkings .
In France Government increases taxes for cars in order to reduce cars .
It is a way for all people can not afford a car only rich persons .
People have to do something in order to prevent the risks of pollution ; every year the temperature increases with the hole of ozon .
People used for long times to have a car in order to move and this is a big issue for industrial countries , we can observe it when there is a trike of public transport so there is a huge trouble .
finally everybody takes his car
Do you know that 82 % of the young people nowdays do not share and help their communities .
This belongs to many reasons : They do not have a time for that , they have some dreams and projects that they want to do , and they must have a time for themselves to have fun or have a rest .

First , young people specially the students do not have atime for this works .
They have homeworks to do and quis to prepare .
Also they must work to earn some cash that will help themto live .

Second , they have some dreams that they must work for it or project that they trying to finish it .

In addision , they must have their own time to have fun or visit friends or joining parties with family , specially on the weekends , the only time that they can help community on them .

In conclude , take note that most of the teenagers prefer to have their time alone with out sharing it with any else .
Most of them do not prefer to help others and I think this up to them .
Surly helping people specially the who needs to help is a good thing but I am sure that there is many blocks that well not help them to do this great porpoese .
We ca n't undertand each others and also new ideas .
In my opinion , this is the biggest problem for global world .
I strongly agree with the statement that `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''

First of all , students have to learn ideas before the effects .
Because if they did n't learn the idea ofcourse they ca n't guess the effects .
The biggest scientist Einstein said : `` understanding problem is fifty percent equal to solving problem '' .
The biggest example comes to mind is my college years .
I 'm Industrial engineer and I wrote 2 books about lean production and value stream mapping .
I went to Ford 's factory but I could n't make a good job because I had n't understand the Ford 's manufacture system .
When I solve the system I catched lots of mistake in the productions .

Second of all , if students understand the idea after they try to learn this ideas effects and they check the effects for daily life .
When I learned the game theory for economy firstly I started to use for my own company and I learned all effects .
the successful people try new thing because they are the hero of the our time .
they take risks for try new possibility for go on in the world , if the people do n't take risks we stay in the same status and we do n't go in the future .

the risks so the people can take are about a different type , they can are of economic caracter or for a liberty of the umanity or about a other 1000 problems .

I agree this people because they are dispost to take a risks for the society , and because they are a person very intelligent and spregiudicated .
I love the spregiudicated people because they are n't screem to they a risks , for exemple in a society , they take a risks and they do a magnifical scopert .
for exemple very important man than cristoforo colombo he go in america for see another world and he see many kind of new type .
another very important man is for exemple martin luter king he want the freedom of the black people and he had a wars for have it .
I want to be a successful woman and I want take a risks in my life , because is very important for me and for the society .
I want to be a very important comunication designer and I want to be famous in alla world for the my artefact , I propouse the my idea and I want invest in my feauture and in a feauture of the comunication design and the art design .

I want so many people try to take this risks because is very important for the society , and is very important for all the world for all people and for people so have all color of skin , white black , yellow ...

they are the hero of the world and all persono if hw wants can to be an hero .
Have you ever attracted by advertisements ?
There are many kinds of advertisements in the world .
You can see a lot of advertisements anywhere anytime .
In my opinion , I do not believe that the advertisements of products seems better than they really are .
There are several reasons why I disagree with this statement .

First of all , Most of advertisement show us the attraction points of products .
Because they would like to make people more interest in the project , they show people only advantage of the project .

In addition , If the advertisements are different from real one , it will be fail not only the products but also the company of the products becuase people will not believe that company anymore .
As a result , the company can not create new products because nobody is going to buy it .

In conclution , I do not agree this statement .
Most advertisements made of only the products good points , that is why it seems much better than real one .
However , to show the adventeges in the advertisements are very important in order to sucssees the product .
Let me tell you somthinges about successful people who most of them are rich .
But we have the wrong idea about them because we think that they are looking for poor people from up to down while most of them are just ordinary people .
They do the same thinges that we do they eat in normal restruents , wear normal clothes , drive an middle class car , that what I had seen two weekes ago in the T.V with proffessor willium who said that `` presption defferent from reality '' .
Some people asked do successful people try new thinges ?
or they taking the risks rather than doning doning things normally ?

The blief that successful people are what we think that they are not modist and use poor people for their benfits without thinking about their life or their family realy most of time is wrong as I mentioned in the first paragraph about `` wrong preciptions '' .
Also , most of those people think that successful people do not take the risks or do the thinges in different way .
While , successful people said that they are like to take the risks to make their life so exciting and give it the flaver of dangerous which what they say keeps them work for the best .
Morover , they said that they always likes doning thinges in adifferent way so that they discover new tinges even if it is effected on their life carrer by making their life upside down .
However , some of them prefer to do not take the risks and walk on a lighted way rather than dark way that maybe they would face pumbes in their way destroy them or sent them to emergancy .

Allover , there are different kind of successful people in their thinking .
One of them who chose the easy way and others who chose the dark way because it excited them .
Well , my openion is that life without dark way have no excited places but who chose way have to know the keys of it not waiting for the next pump .
i am living in acommunity were every one want and needs to have a car , you can find that all teenagers count the days when they are going to reach the legal driving age just to have a car .
the cars rate is already getting higher , because of the obsession of driving and showing off .

in my country we have ; thank to god ; good incom , so every family would easily offer beying more than one car one for the father onther one for the mther , and onother two for the driving son and daughter ; therefore , we have lots of traffic concidering that it is a small country .
there is statistical evidents that the rate of vighecils specially saloon cars is increasing ; for instance , in one of my college classes i had an assignment wich was about reviewing some statistics about the rate of car accidents in kuwait `` my country '' so i reviewed them with the group ; unfortunatlly , it turned out that the car accident rate has increased since the year 2000 to 2004 up to 70 % and the main reason is because of the number of cars that have been dramatically raising .
from all what we are wetnessing these days with all what technology has been created , cars are still the most stable need of every one and technolog wont be easilly able to create some thing that drive our attention from cars .
althought cars are very important , people are still missusing them .
I do not agree on this statement .
I do not think it is best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are a lot of way to travel in our life .
For example , to travel alone , to do with your friends or family , and packed tours with strangers ( such a way in the statement ) .

In various ways , if I could travel anywhere , I would like to travel alone .
It is best for me not to mind others even if it is my family , friends or boy friend .
When you walk with someone , you should catch up with him or her .
And , fllowing , you can not the thing you want to look if you have something you want .
It is too unpleaseant for me .
So , when I want to buy something , I will go shopping alone .
This is same in case of travel .
I want to go places I want .
If someone and me want to go to same place , maybe I will concider well .

On oppsition , the demerit that I thought when you travel in a group led by a tour guide .
It is semilar to the case of my former reason that I do not go shopping with someone .
A tour guide always can provide with a satisfied content to each us .
A big tour can not response to each needs of each customer .
It is problem for me .
Well , I agree with the following statement that successful people always would want to try new things taking all the risks involved in doing so .
It 's a common sense to understand the point cause people who are successful and well experienced in whichever field they are would want to try and explore new things for their benefit .

For example , successful businessman would n't hesitate to take the risks of establishing a new firm or company caused he already knows what 's involved to built a company .
And even if it turns out to be a failure , he would n't have much problem to start all over again with all the financial backing and the knowledge and expertise that he has .
Likewise , famous singers known for their songs and music quality try and incorporate new kind of sounds and technics to make it different and interseting for their fans .

So , yes Successful people al ways have better chnan .
e
I agree that .
In my case , I agree .
There are few reasons .
First of all , having a lot of Knowledge makes me live easily and useful .
For example , When I see a TV news program , I can understand almost of every issues and have my own opinions against them .

Secondly , having a plently of broad Knowledge means having a lot of topics to talk about .
For example , when I go to a party , I have to talk to a person who I do n't know .
At the time , we should talk something .
If I know a lot of topics , making a conversation is easily .
When we first meet a person , we do n't talk about specific subject deeply except some kind of academic meetings .

Ofcourse , a person who mastered a specific subject can help many person or things .
For example , doctors , lowers , scientists , etc .
However , I am not the kind of person .
My way is that ask a specialist when I do n't know .
So , they are .
Conclude , I agree that it is better to know many subjects than to know one specific subject .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than really really are .
This statement is very important and interesting .
I am agree with this statement .
every moment of life I can receive most advertisements , in the university , in the family and with my friends .
Every person discussed and make a comments .
In the past , for me , most situation was very different , because probably in the past there were a lot of questions , there were another problems .
Every person today has badlly problem and its life is more complicated than in the past If a my parents or friends make an advertisements , I hear with much attention , because the words of my parents or of my friends are very important and foundamental for me .

My life is based on the advertisements of my family .
For example five years ago I was 18 years old and I have begin to the university .
I am studiing in Mantova , a little city near Modena .
I live in Modena .

I can have a mountain of problem for this situation , because every day I was far of my city , and I have rage for this , because every day I was at home for little hours .
Family has supported me in this situation and now I am at five years of architecture , but within the help of my family I
I agree that it is important for student to understand ideas and concepts for several reasons .
First , it is good to understand the ideas and concepts .
Because if they understand ideas and concepts , they can study more easy , and they are might interested in the ideas and concepts .
For example , when I studied at school , my teacher did not teach ideas and concepts .
Therefore , I was always comfused about it , and I did not understand what they want to say or what they want to teach us .
Therefore , I think they should teach ideas and concepts .
Second , if they understand it , they can say their opinion about these .
I think that it is connect with develope about ideas and concepts .
If they can say opinion and the opinion is good or useful , it is good to develope these .
And it is goodfor students to practice saying opinion .
Third , if they understand ideas and concepts , it is might useful in their future .
If they do not understand ideas and concepts , they are not interested in these , and they think they do not want to use in future .
I think if they know ideas and concepts , they are going to want to learn more or they want to know fact .
If teacher want student learn more , I think it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
One reason is that it motivate other poeples creating new product .
For example , if sucessful invent new products and it earn much money , it would be motivated other people to invent more useful thing than fomer thing which made by successful people made .
So it make consumers use more useful things .

Second reason is that It is very holic In my case When I took a math problems or other problems but I solved myself it 's so exciting that I want to feel it again .
I think it is same about try new things and take risks .
I know how excited it is about inventing or producing new things which noone invent or produce it .
Also it bring not only much money but also respects other peoples .

Finally , if they no more try new thing it makes me lazy .
I saw many times that if someone who invent new thing but no more try , finally he disrupted and divorced .
when you are young everything is possible and you have will to do everything , for example , saturday night you have a party and in the party will have many girls and many bears and the night is just starting if you were old what will you do there .
Of course when you are old , you have ever liven this , but the dream of the most of persons who are old is come back to the time and lives your passed again , this is not possible but there is another group that prefer lives when you are old , i guess that these persons like the experience that many years of life give to a person this is very important too to have experience about many thing and to know many places , many people , this must be nice , however , i prefer to be young with a mind of someone old but this is not possoble then i agree with the test because beyond that everything that i wrote when you are young , you have a chance to change the world and your mind .
The ideas and concepts world or the simple fact world .
When anybody thinks about what type of education preffer for the young students , he or she asks about what world likes for them and what kind of live chosses .

The life world is divided in two forms of understanding the live , one of them is focused on the facts that the students need to know to be succsesfull , that suport all of thesse activities .
On the other hand , the other form is based on the ideas and the concepts that the young students needs to understand for their real development .

The people who think that the principal focused that need to have the school is lern to the students all the facts that ocurred in the world because with that , the students could be betters and could be find a job in somewhere and doing something because have the knowledge that permit to do that whaatever the student like

In the opposite , the people who think that the important lenrned for the students in the schools is to have an criterion and the posibility for distinguish the important idea and relevant concept any activity or intellectual development , preffer that the professors insist in teach about who anybody needs to think and how is that people needs to undertand the importance of the ideas .

So the most important question is if one of both concepts is the most important for the development of the students or if the students needs the cojunction of both concepts to find a real development and a real knowledge for the life and for the oportunities of works that he or she find .

I think that the better teacher is a man that teach about the ideas and concepts but that ideas and concepts are explinned by the teacher with a real and historical facts because the estudent learn the concept and never forgaot the fact .
in my life i met a different people .
some of these have a variuos knowledge about many many topics and they have their opinion on somethings .
others of these know very well a subject only .

in my opinion is very important have a knowledge on many topics and is not good know a topic only and can talk about the same topic only .
I would be like a first type of people , because know everything make a general view of the world and of what happened in the world .
then knowledge open your mind and take to be a more pleasure person .
one times i met a man who know everything .
he is a very likely person , because with him can speak on all and can argue on all .
he has a his opinion always and on everithings .
then i learned somethings by him , he know more then others always , and he have an explanation on all what you ask him always .
he is a very interesting person thanks for his huge knowledge .

on this example my opinion is better on people who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than people to specialize in one specific subject .
for this I would be like man who i had a description before .

in final , there are many different people , these can be put in two categories .
in the first one there are a people that have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
instead , in the second one there are a people that specialize in one specific subject .

in based on the example that i reported and in based on my experience i agree with the statement , or rather I have many consideration on the people that know many things and for this they have a their opinion on everythings .
it is a very good things .
I hope that I will learn many things to know somethings on
I disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because in my opinion if you want to pass other people in a specific subject you must be the best in that subject and it is not important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Foe exemple if you are a lawer it is not important to know everything abaut law but the most important thing is you chose a part of law ( for exemple civil law ) so that you can have a very good knowledge of this part of law .
At the contrary you have a bad knowledge af all law .
Nowday the specific knowledge is requirestes for job in fact after you gradued trere are ather specific lessons to imprve in particular subjects .
Yes the young peple enjoy life more than older people

* In the fairst the young people can do evre thing the can travel the can daets thy can drink but the old people the ca n't dot they fraid from deeth

* the young people well not thinking about what habend after them move the old think

fore examples me and may father how you thaink enjoy in his life me or my father of cours me becuse my father fraied from my mather .
The young people and the older people are very different .
The younger think that the older people have never already been Young because they do n't accept the crazy of the youht .

In fact , the young people do too noise , listen too high the music , speak too strong , drive too speed and they do n't respect the older people .

Then , for the young people , they think that the people older do n't want understand them .
The younger believe that the older people have never already crazy like them .

This two groups think different but they are just human people .
They do n't just have the same age .
That why they do n't have the same reaction face to the life .

In fact , for the young people , an happy thing create many situation like smile , cry ...
For the older people , this same thing create just a smile ...
because their life is behond them .
i disagree this statement .
because the student in broad knowledge will not help a lot in futher studies .
if person take a specialization in particular subject will help him a lot , and he becomes expert in his own subject .
board knowledge is mainly useful for school education only .
when he compelting school education his should have hsi own ideas in specialization course , i think specialization is mainly for graduate student .
every preson has is own specialization in studies from certain ages .
specialization of particular course will help the student a lot specialization in course help the student to become master in his desired field .
student specialization in particular coursr depends mainly on his attitude .
the student should be given a chance to take his specialization course which will mainly heilp in his studies .
ones the student had taken his desired field it will help the society a lot .
if student taken his desired field a new invention can be made .
Invetion and discovery are made by great people in their desired field .
so my opinion is taking specialization in desired field help the students and his country .
I agree with that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
all of the worled intersting young people , but some of the countre dont have mone to helping chlderen cant bay maidesan and opining hospital .
moust of big counteri worak to gather gave salion and consiederd all of praplam insied the worled , if the are dont gave him any importante you will see many people die in ours .
Ihave been maney countri and isaw sam of contre helping peopel gave for poor famaily many and find jop to helping his famaly .
Nowadays everybody talks about environment , ecology , nature , ...
this refection blames that our society do n't take care about the earth .

The question about the cars is recurent .
And the associeted question is `` how reduce the pollution '' .
So we can ask if they are fewer cars in twenty years than today .

On the one hand , twenty years is a court period today .
In fact we are in the technologic developpement period which always rise .
But it is not say that ingeniors or researchers find answer at theirs questions .

Automobils ' ingeniors develop today news motors , conception , design , they try to develop new range , in oder to repond to demand .
More they try to give an accesse to their cars to everybody .
Despite the governemt try to imply everybody in the ecology battle , the fact is the automobil area is a business and they ca n't reduce it .

On the other hand , cars are a really pleasure for somebody .
the pleasure to drive , to go where they want , to be independant , to do what you want when you want .

Today we accused the price of oil but everybody always take theirs cars and do n't stop to use it .
Moreover today we can see the development of new oil , biological oil so ecology repected .

Finally , there is the city , the big city , where everybody is always worried by the traffic in .
On theirs city the cars ' number will be reducing in the twenty years comming .

In conclusion and to my mind , the cars ' number will not reduce in the twenty years because all the points I developped , but the reduction will be possible only on cities where they will develop othe tranport system .

I like to drive , such as take sometime train or fly , but car is the independance , and I think you ca n't take it at anybody .
i am compelety confident and agree with that the student should be understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

in the frist , the theory and the priciple the one of the techniqe of logical thinking and the basis of the knowlge in all sector .
conpects are given the student the ability to improve his talent and chalenge any problem faced his in his life by choosing the correct tools , brain storming , making the strategy and studying the case by evaluated or comparing with another case .

concepts and ideas always have a chance to improve and develop by using the key of mind ability to produce a new product or solve problem and consider foundation of all infromation gathering in our life .
and give the emotive for society to work harder and making life easier .

in othe wise , facts consider in only information or phenoumina and may be will not repeated again in defferent condition .
finally , if we are learn the concept , we will catch the world and improve our life and if we are learn the facts , we will repeat our life .
The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
This question is very good to answer to the my opinions .
In my opinion , I think I do n't agree the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
How is nice travel will be another one control to do somthings .

Then , I disagree the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
First of all , I have to choose the best way to travel is by myself .
Maybe will hard to find some informations that I want to travel to another place .
Also I have to spend many times to study new things , and asked someone how can I get a good travel in my tour .

there are many thing too hardly , but I think this is a good thing .
Second , even thought the travel will happened bad things .
For explam , if I loss my wallet or the thief take my passport .
These are is big problems in the another country when I travel to another place , but I think these are not stopped I give up to travel to myself .

Thirth the reasons is Interseting for my life .
I can useful the nice experiences that let my life colorful and good memory in my life .
Travel is the important things in our life .
If I can do somethings for myself , I will try to travel countries .
Also I can get knowledge and learned a lots different things in another countries .
This is good things .
I have to try travel by myself .

Somepeople will choose the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , maybe that have a lot of converiet and save their times to find some informations .
And they use the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Maybe will safe this tipe , but I this will lot somthings when they traveled .

In the word , in my opinion , I will choose the best way to travel is by myself tour guide .
And I will look over and see the world around everywhere .
Also I can known and learnd many things by myself in pass every travels .
As a result , I think I can do anythings in my travel times , I have to get many new things , and let me to do best in every time .
The best way to travel is by myself .
Fact life In my opinion some students do n't agarr with each other because they are do n't understand the fact life i agree with this statement some family do n't think obout this way or do n't give the children any resbonsblity to understand the life some family give the boy or the gril all thing .
This is not a good way to understand the life the fact life is hard not what the students see in the movies or in the T.V the fact life to learn and make wrong and you teach your selve and give your selve some push to this fact life .
If any one understand what dose mean this wrold he/she can life good life .
I thinke the T.V did this for the students 70 % for the students try find love and 10 % like dronk 20 % stduy hard .
Every one life in a dreem i think the man bad thing if you see or herd about some one does n't have any gole in his life .
I hope this life come easy for the poor people and for me and my children .
Some people says that the world will change in the closing future , in diffrent ways , and for many diffrent reasons .
Poeple will behave in a diffrent way , and 80 % they will need morethings that that the poeple need now , becuase life changes and needs changes with life too .

An imporant issue to talk about is the increasig or discreasing of cars in the future .
People in the past times used the animals as a way of transport , to travel from place to a plcae , like camels , horses , and donkeys .
Later on : they used vehicles to set in and move they legs while they are setting .
the last discovery was the cars which are in our time , which made a thoery in transportion of technology .

Nowadays people use cars always to go for thier jobs , or to go for thier collage , to travel and to deilever things .
Also poeple now are increasing that 's mean that people need more cars to do thier every day jobs .
The father want to get for his job early , the childrens needs a car or a bus to get to thier school at the time , the mother want to stuff for her house .
All this everyday jobs needs cars as a way of tranportion .

Although some people does n't like to use cars , because cars are the main reason for the pollution in the world , becuase of the smoke that the car get rid of and makes the air dirty , which make it diffculy for us to breath , and which made alot of poeple cause from dangrous diseases .
In many studies scientests discover that most of the poeple who had cancer , they had it because of the pollution in the air .
As a result they are looking for a way to make cars gewer in the future , and use healthy ways to transport .

I disagree that the cars will be fewer in twenty years .
In my point of view ; the cars amount will increase the double in twenty years , becuase people will increase and they need cars for they everyday jobs .
I do agree the following statement young people enjoy to life more than older people do .
Because this is the live how it goes in the future it very clear .
young people account for their own behavior different acoount for the older people .
So the sitution forces to affeceting in both side .

As we know about young people enjoy to life more than older people do .
However the scientist found the earth envoriment it cahnge all the time because mainly young people can do what ever they want playing sport , movies , great looking and etc ...

on the other hand bout older people they ca n't do what ever they want like for example they are not great great looking just they can play sport not havey sport like a body building and etc .

The reason for the older people they cant life longer because the envoriment in the earth it make us sick .
Young poeple we have a power to live longer than the older people .
Older people they dont have any powerful to live .

That why i agree young people enjoy life more than older people for example girls love the the young people that why the young people have more approtunity alot of chance to do in life .
older people no approtunity no life no girls no anything they will fell very lonely no happeniess they will boring life for them .

In my opinion i fell so confidence my life
In the last years , car has became an useful means of transportation , for example in order to travel or to go at work .
Moreover , car has improved life 's people .
I and my family have only one car but this means come used several times .
For example , I use car in order to go outdoor with my friends or in order to go at supermarket for shopping .

In regard of statement that affirm that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , I partially agree .
I think that car , even today , is one of the most means of transportation used and I think that this means will be even in the future , even if much people prefer use alternative means , like for example train or airplane in order to speed the travel .
But , in the future , can happen that , if the price of petroleum increase very much , people will not use car in order to not spend much money .

In conclusion , there are two different points of view in regard to the use of car .
There are people that affirm that in the future there will be not more cars respect to today ; instead , there are other people that think that cars will continue to be used even in the future .
As I saw earlier , I agree with the last point of view , but I think also that use of car will depend by what will be happen in the future in regard to economic elements , in particular the price of petrolium .
I 'm agreeing with author , that the younger people hwo are brought up in this generation they are not giving enough time to help the communities which they are leaving , they are enjoying the time & the environment which there parents are giving to them and they are enjoying with there friends and having chit chating and wasting there time and not seeing outside world which they are presently leaving .

The people are so blindly following the rules which they are kept by there own for the sake of tehre enjoyment and not helping to the communities which they are in need of help and the help which they can effort they can give there hands to the people who are very need of them like denoting there old clothes to the childrens who they do n't have to wear also , they can give some money by buying the product and it help the childern who do n't have the money to go to school and they can donate some money to the hospitals for the heart problem children by doing this type of things they can save the one single life of the children , for this also the younger generation people do n't have time to spent the for this type of activities they will send the money to those things which are useless and they will not get any thing from it they will just wasting of there time by watching movies and spending the money for parties and enjoying with some body and getting some harmfull disease like HIV & AIDS , they most of the people are getting effetecd to this type of disease so are just spoiling there life at the begining of the life .
The can join the communities whch the government had intorduced for the sack of th samll children and the old age people they can help the people which were there in there hands .

The younger generation people who are leaving in this genertion are not giving the enough time to help their communities which were there at their sourounding they are help-ing to the people and they are not even looking at them also they are thinking that by helping them they will be joked by there fiends and they will looking form top to bottom so they are comming forward to help them , so my suggestion is that do n't feel shy and help the communities which are going to help .

So please help the communities which are present in our city on give the helping hand to the people who are in need of us , by giving the hand they can also come in this beautiful world and they can also enjoy like you which you are enjoying today .
I agree with the above statement that `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .why means ?
the reasons are as follows .
Now itself the fuel price has been come to the peak value and moreover in the future traffic might increase and every gets risk of using the cars and they get wexed of the traffic .
And the government might increase the tax for the usage of car due to the main cause for the traffic .
And not only that in the future we may get fuel crisis i.e .
we may not get a fuel for the cars i.e. petrol to run the cars .
And another thing is that people may get very less leisure time to use cars .
And only the fewer people uses the cars like government officials , and big landlords , businessmen and the people who were much use of it only can use .
These factors leads to the usage of less cars in the coming twenty years .
I will not agree to the first statment given that broad knowledge of many subjects is better than having specilize in one subject .
Because it is very diffcult for a student to understand many subjects at atime .
he can not concentrate on any off them properly since he will have a little time for one subject .
it will also make him tired off work .
if he feels that he is lacking off time are he is working more it may leed to get tension and streeses .
which will creat alot off confusions for what he have to do are not for his feature .
On the other hand if a student is allowed to study one specific subject at a time it will allow him to study carefully and understand the subject well .
since he will have a lot off time to work on the subject , any he can easily clarify any doughts if he get with his teacher and can understand betterly since he do not have any other work to be done more than this .
A student can have a little knowledge of many subjects .
but a broad knowledge off al subject s will be very diffcult for him at a time .
i will be better to study one subject at a time then shift on to other subject .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Because that is the reason why the advertisements really are .
In almost all advertisements we can see only the good sides of the product .
We can only see the side effects or bad consequences only when there is any law or regulations that they should indicate them like tabbaco or medicine .
Advertisers want to sell their product more and more and have to compete with the product of other companies .
So they show the good-looking product with great function and hide the defects .

And another reason is that the advertisements are made in the best circumstances in which the product can function most effectively .
For example , in the clothing advertisement we can see the idealy good shaped person wearing the product .
And we imagine the look that we are going to have with that clothes similar to the advertisement and come to buy the product .
That is why I agree with this statement .
I agree this topic ; young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

First , I think now is information society .
They have a lot of things to do .
Now there are many kind of materials .
For example , Internet , TV games , and mobile phone .
they constrate their things .
Internet , TV game are very fun more than to helping their communities .

Second , I think now is individual society .
People are selfish .
Current 's people are very busy .
I think ancient ages 's time more slowly .
People must do something everyday .
They do n't have sufficient free time .
Especially , yong people must go to school , study hard to take high level education .

Third , I think they want to helping their communities , however , they do n't know how to care about community .
Now , They do n't have many brother or sister .
And , They were playing indoor .
I think they do n't know how to communication another people .
However , they want to take care about communities .
But they are very shy .
Their mind is very beautiful , They only do n't have encourage .

I think they do n't have enough time to helping their communities .
Young people must think their communities .
Human can think about another people .
Nowdays we can see a great increasing in the use of cars that are used in every action we do .
The reason of this grouth in the use of the car is probabily the fact that a it is able to do human work in less time .
As a consequence you can increase the productivity without spend nothing , the only investment is when you buy a machine .
Cars are so monopolised our life that is impossible thinking to live without them .
For example we get on our car for going toa shop in a near place , for going to work , for taking our child to school ...

This examples give me good reasons for beliving that in twenty years we will not show few cars around the world !!!
This could be happened if we will start to see the damages that the uncleaver use of cars have on the enviroment , on men 's health , and , generally , on the ecosystem .
Only in that time we will start to think that the comfort that the use of car give us is transuent if we compare it with the long term benefits that we could have living in a clean enviroment .
According to me , this doe n't mean the abolition of car but it 's a hope that governments , industries start to invest money for planing cars that move themselves using alternative forms of energy .
I agree with the statement .
First , nowadays there are many cars in use , you can see everywhere , we use them instead of by foot , because it 's easy and fast .
but the air pollution problem is became a strong problem .
most car-gases be taken into the air , and we breath dirty gas into our body .
when twenty yeas past , I think our air will be destroyed badly .
so the govement must be reduce the cars productions and the cars will be fewer use than there are today .

Second , people today use cars instead of by foot because they are comfotbal , but they have n't realize that step by foot is a body exercise for our health .
we can stronthen our body and do more exercises everytime .

Third , use fewer cars can reduce our traffic jam .
today big cities are all have terrible traffic , especally in rush times , and more traffic jam happened , whenthe cars became fewer the problem will be sloved .

and we are more safty when we out .
Became the population grew more and more , this method must be a good one .
Above these three reasons , I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , and our life will be more comfotbal and safty .
in my opinion i agree with statent .
there are no enough time for the young people to helping the communities .
first off all , the edecationat take the big part of this like if some body have atheraty no body look to hem .
secondly there are no body help the young people when they need it for example if some body need some mony to sport his project no body he can finde .

finaly , i beleave , the young people nowaday do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree with the sentence on the paper .
The sucessful people do it by that behaviors or perspectives for reasons including improve tability , satisfy theor ambitions , and sharpen thier mind , not only the sucessful people prefer to do it , but also the peolle who persiut the sucess .

Although there are dozens of sucessful politicions , the leaders of the corporations , I do n't know whether they have the characterist or not , whearas , I can make sure that they can immagine the directions and map of the future , prior to doing so , they have to try to the things which is they are not experienced in an affort to produce their new ideas , and make an challege to find their limits in their life .

I take artists whose name that I have forgotted in the modern world for example , many of them like to go abroad to experince the different culture , creature in the foreign life , and study the foreign university to study and broden their mind , when they do that , they will sharpen their creation to form their sculptures , works , paintigs , and theor designs .

And another instence is me , aithough I am not the sucessful man that people have thought for a long time , I think if i accomplish my assighment which is many step in my goal , i do the sucessful job .
i always practice my chinese compositin and poet by ra
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are three reasons why I think so .
At first , I think success of life need enjoy .
Most of the successed people are studying or working with fun and passion , not only with pain .
Fun and passion come from likng something .
LIking to through being good at something .
Espeacially when young people have an interested in something , they can concentrated and try to practice or study .
That is a short cut to success .

At second , because enjoying life is comfortable for the body .
Recently all aged people are stressful .
The number of suicides is increasing .
People do not live in order to be sick , and health is most important thing in life all over the world .

Finally , nowaday the diversity is a common sence .
In order to find their future life stories , young people should try to many kinds of funs and works with enjoy .
Therefore I think that young people should enjoy life more and more !
I disagree .
In an academic subject you have to specialize in one spesific subject .
In an academic career you have to improve yourself in one topic .
Your knowledge have to be more specialized than ordinary people .

Honestly broad knowledge is an asset for an academic career but it is not enough .
In academic subjects you have to your own thesis , hypothesis , researchs and also stastistical results on your subject to promote .
Academicians are the people who leads to the society .
By their opinions and knowledge our life become more qualified .
For that reason they have to be specialized in one spesific subject .
University life and enviroment has to supply them all the equipments they need to specialize .
Broad knowledge in many academic subjects , supports to discuss and create new things but not enough .
All over the world assistants and professeurs are remembered by their research reports and thesis , they have to work hard and help each other by sharing their researchs .
To find out something we have to focus on a spesific subject like Einstein , Archimedes .
pursuit of wise

I hereby agree than in the learning procces , you have to combine the experiences which are facts , with the knowledge which means ideas and concepts .
Since you are a kid , you start to learn facts , to ilustrate this , a crowling baby is going to know than crowl is usefull to touch things , to get what he desires , to experiment sensations or feelings , though the baby does not have enough develop of his body and mind to undestant the concept .
I meant learning fact is almost per se for your condition like human being , on the other hand , whereas ideas an concepts are the second step in the learning process .

According with the imformation above the students have to have the knowledges ( ideas - Concepts ) from books , from searches , from teachers , to know how to apply in the experience , nevertheless studies about education showed how the experimental learning is more effective than knowledges that you have in your mind but you dont know how to use them .

Despite the importance of theories , The experience that you life , you never are gonna forget it because is a bunch of feelings , thoughts , conclusions .
this argument support the idea about why the curricula have to be experimental , this way the student became his own teacher and the knowledge that he will get from books suppor his own experience .

To summarize , I belive the education is one of the most important value and award that you can obtein in your whole life , is why , if you are as lucky or fortunate to do it , filling your mind of ideas and concepts that day by day you are gonna life as facts .
In these days more importent for students to understand ideas and concept than it is for to learn more facts .
Yes i gree the given following statement .

1. In these modern days students are to understand ideas and concept it is very importent role in the student life .
so many students not studieng the books heavely .
That the students are intersting on television .

2. when the students are in class room thay has very less time for subject concept learning so students collected lot of information gatghered in books it 's must neccacery in student life role .

3. Here we discussing student must learn concept which thay are learning , and must colllect the information though online network and at the preferred books .

4. when the students are collected heavely information , about what they are learning subject , they got some ideas and they will faced ready some critical positiobs in their proffesional field .

5. when the students are collected information they got some ideas and they faced get ready to some critical positions .
This is the advantage of concept learning .

6.when the students read though the books and litrature , they got enamorous knowldge and stikes the thoughts when they are learning cncept .

7. Here we forgoten other thing we nmust give importent frist is the practical learning.what they are doing project what is the advantage and disadvantage .

8. when we are applying the thoughts and use the concept in practical work studies we got good result .
It is the better of way to study more litarature and bokks .

9. For example there is an technical student is there , he must read more technical basic books .when these basic thoughts learn , these are helpfull at learniong concept .

10 .when we collect the heavy data it is more usefull to strike the ideas , we must learn what is the concept .

these things are helpfull in student life 's .

these all are the reasons are effected on good result , so i agree the given following statement .
I am agree the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The people always make the products seem much better then they really are .
First , they always use the entertainment to show to the constumas .
They will use a lot of ways to show to the people how good they are , and how usefull they are .
Secondly , when the people have make the products are not use the origanal of the item 's use way to do , they have think a lot of the now function to make the people have to buy that .
For example for the eye content .
The eye content maker are not make the eye content for the people what they really need the eye content .
Althought , they make the eye content have a lot of the colors , and then given to the people want their eye change color and more petty .

In my remenber , one day i had to go to buy the eye content .
And then the saler had to ask me , `` Are you looking for the eye content , we have some new arrivde .
They have new function , they can make your eyes change the color . ''
And she had say a lot of that product how good they are .
The saler as like the eye content was she made .
And i answer to her , `` Oh really , i want to try that . ''
So , i had to bougth that color eye content .
And then , i had try that color eye content about two weeks .
i feel my eyes really pain , and my friends always my eyes are vary red .
So , i have went to check my eyes .
And the doctor say , '' You have abslutely stop to use the color eye content , if you continus to use that , it will make your eyes bliend .
That color eye content are not vary good for your eyes . ''
So , i have stop to use that eye content .

In my expericent and opinin , i have really agree most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The saler has say how good is the eye content , but te eye content are not really good as what was the saler say .
And the eye content are not really can change your eye color .
Of couse , i am agree !
Because if someone undertand the conceps must undertand the facts .
If a person only learn facts it will be only a dadta base , it will not have a logic reasoning or brain storming .

In a part its important to learn all the facts about a subject .
Meanwhile you can describe it but , not analze it .
This is extremly important to student , espacially for a investigation or a speech .
Cause undertanding a theme is the base of education , and science and many diciplines more .

To undertand something , a person learn first the facts , them put on test ande theorize and finaly goes for a conclusion .
This is learning exploring facts and deatails to make a comprenshion of a study object .

For example the statement on my left view begings with a universal condition , than means that is a deductive ideal .
the part saying Undertand realiy means `` knowing everything '' and the fact means `` knowing a few . ''

`` It is more important to undertand ideas and concepts , than learn facts .

The pasage cantains a view Logic order , is almost undenailble to destroy it .
Not only that also express tan a Student must visualize problems and solve them .

in a conclusion the statement it 's a invitation to Kow eveything , to explore athe world of knolege .
Every student hope to achieve that in all clases and thinking of than I believe than I going righ way .
When the issue wether the successful people should try new things and take rishs or only doing what they already know how to do well is of great interest to peopel .
In my opinion , I perfer to agree the successful people should try new things and take risks for the following reasons :

The first important reason of my view is people should gain more opportunities both in their life and in the career .
Things chaned , People chaned .
We are living in the growing fast world , trying more new things and taking more risks is helpful to find the new chance to get sucess .
For example , At the end of last century , accounting people is considered working with the computer is useless , because it is the new thing for the people who doing in the information technology field and it also have to risk to change the accounting ability .
I would say , the accounting people with using computer skills will success the job looking and keeping from who can not use computer in their work .

The second reason of my view is people will get more self-confident through trying new things and take risks .
Self-confident is most powerful thing today .
Everyone can fail in their life .
When we meet the pain , we should never give up to try .
Believe it or not , failure is mother of sucess , You will work the problem out and feel happy so much , Futhermore , you got the experience for the further life .

Beside the trying new things and taking risk , Doing what they already know well aslo should be considered .
It is not easy to do everything well , even if you are familiar with .
so doing you best to try new things and taking risks after you can do nomally thing well

From what is mentioned above , I strongly believe and suggest people should keep trying new things and taking risk for the further .
More prepare is helpful for your .
Who knows what will happe tomorrow .
Acutly I disagree that becouse if tha student get jast tha idia thay cant emropve any thing .
But if thay stady and thay can see ther object in the fact thay cant foget that and they will thinking about it .
If thay can understand and get the idia they cant thinking about it .
But if they understandet and thay stell thinging about thir object they ill aske thir self alot of questiones .
And they 'll explorer alot of saines like tha Tacnaloge right now
.
About if thay can get the idiaes withe out do practes for that that 's ok but thay cant emprove thir skilles and they cant do any thing in thire live .
And tha Gad made us an he gave each one a mained .
and tha maind can forget every thing ecept some thing like if it learned somr thing in the facte and saw it never can forget it .

I know some saines you ca n't see it but you can imagen it and you 'll see it in the fact like in Mathematiches , visecal or fasical so i like change the education from the first year in the elmantry scohle if thay can do that we 'll get alot of smart chaildren and thay can make agood live withe agood educathion .
I saw in tha news peaper in my home thay wanit to change the educathion and relly it was bad idia .
thay say thay want to change tha educaction thay 'll give every one a lapetob in the elmantry schoole .
My opinian in that all of them 'll be stubed becouse thay do n't have any idia about the computar so how can thay learn .
I strongly agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by tour guide .
I liked to travel .
And I went to many country .
Japan , Nepal , China , Kenay , Pilipin And Tywan .
I went to Japan two time ..
First time , I went that together my friends 10 years ago .
Of course , we had a tour guide ..
Guide was man and very hansome .
He was very nice and Kind .
He saied to us about Japan .
( history , food ... )
5 years ago , I went Japan because my best friends lives that .
But my friend do n't know that interestong 's plase and restrant musiem ..
Her thought very simple ..
Also , we make trip 's plan very hard .
I think , live and travel different !

To summarize , enjoy and happy 's travel need to guide .
In my opinion , the best way of traveling is in a group led by a tour guide .
Because in this way , traveler who come to the unknown area can do sightseeing whrere is not only popular shops and buildings , but also picked up place by tour conductor who know all this place , and do not careful for dangour of the area .
Traveler may not lost their way .

If I had been in situation making traveling plan , I should have confused .
In contrary , They can not make the plan for traveling by themself .
If they would have thinking the place and building they want to go like clearly .
In addition to , they may lose oppotunity like meeting with native and local people .
Therefore I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree that the best for anyone is to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
Touring guide are helpful in this issue and thats for three reasons .

First , the touring guide to do the best to make a perfect schdual for you to enjoy the place .
Therefore , you get up everyday while traveling with a clear mind and do not have to think about what you are going to do today .
Second , the tour guide know the place very well .
So , you do not need to buy maps and lookup for direction .
also he will choose the best plases to vesit .
Third , in case of any emergency , the tour guide and your group will do their best to help you .
Finally , all the the three reasons are practical and gives a good supporting ideas that the best way to travel is to travel with a group leb by a tour guide .
Is a better have to many subjets , because is important learning to the everything topics .
The people is not interestin in the live .
The life is the reason for woking old the time .
They are very special sensitive to the live .
The nature has take everything big reason for live .
The humans no others tanding to the reason for the live , because is neccesary to continues .

The live gife to the opportunities the born in day to day and resposabilies to the action in everything .
I nead live to continues express my formuns , to the exprestion , to taking , to woking , to learning and much .
The live is the perfect expression to the art in live in the people .
Is the reason to coming to earth and the reason to the express .
Is important standing why live ?
Today is day to the change in my live .
The possibily and research is big , but the reason fith is must important .
I am not said is the perfect moment in my life but this moments most wuanderfull .
Comming to new history in my live , comming to the new reason for victory .

The chage is neu the live is one .
They coming to new future are not ordenstanding , other reason .
Luck your live is a rich most important for you every time .
The live is the complement to excencial and ideal by love your self .
Loveling and LNothing is most important what the reason , the yes accept to the resposabily to the live .
I do not agree with the following statements because if I travel in a group led by a tour guide , I cannot go to places which I want to go .
Moreover , I cannot late the time that the tour guide decided .
If I was late , I will give influence against other people .
Therefore , I have to see the place or buy some things quickly .
I think it is boring , and it is a west of time .
I also think it is not interesting trip , so I may not be able to remember the trip forever .

When I went to London with a group , I could not see the place which I wanted to go , and I bought a few things because of time .
I thought if I have more time , I can buy more , so I was unhappy .

Moreover , I do not like to travel with a group because if I travel in a group , I have to talk other people or think about them , so it makes me tired .
If I travel myself , I do not need to talk other people .
Therefore , I think it is the best to travel o
I disagree .
Becouse our communities must be better by us .
I agree .
Most of people always doing things that they already know how to do will .
Life keeps on and nothing get wront .
But the successful people not do this way .
Besause they know that try new thing and take risks is a rule to succe .
They are thinking about the turth that people called sweet dream .
They believe that nothing imposible , espesaully no one try it .
So they spend such long time to provie what they believe .
They would n't choose the save way .
Not like the other people , they face the pain even everyone know that will happened .
The turth is
Most advertisments makes product much better when you see the actual product , because when you see in the add you dont see the actull thing .
They only show you the best of it .

When you deside to buy it hten you fids that it is not as best it was said in the add , It is all a small game to make the coustomer buy the product .
By making a coustomer buy the product , he/she most of the time forgets to return it back or desides to return it back after 30 days , it helps the marchant to sell the product by all means .

The product which is mostly shown in commercial is not the best , I always thing the the product which you go to the shop and purchase is the best option .

I have purchased several items from the advertisements , but most of dont look the same sa shown in tv , so all the time i have to make it a point to return in time so that i can get my money return .

I thing the best way to buy any thing you should go and see the produt by your naked eyes and then deside you need to buy it or not .
I thing that is the only best way to buy any things in life .
The TV add things some of them are really good too , like i have purchased a Boss wave music it is the best , i like very much .
Thaat was the only thing that i have purchased by add and turned out to be good .

So i sugest that to buy mostly only by going to the shop and seeing the things by yourself , It is very important to see the things and then you can deside to buy or not .
I disagree about ` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . '
In my opinion , If they fewer cars use in than there are today , that will call a lot of problems .

First , they are young so they can make many possibles of problems with car than adults .
Of course they are not so young to drive but they are not adults eigher .
For example they can make the Drunk drive .
They do n't think harder than adults so they think they drive with drunk .
That was just one of possible situatuions .
How do i know ?
My friend 's brother started drive when he was 20 years old .
Oneday , he drunk at noght with his friends .
After drunk he drove the car .
He thought he could dive .
And he made accident .
Anyway that is one of example .
Second , when we start driving when we are 20 years old .
They will more pollutions than before .
And that can make more traffic jam ..

So in conclusion , i do n't think they will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
However they can use public transprotation for moveing .
That was my personal opinion .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I am disagree with this statement because a lot of twince the products are only beautiful but do n't do their work .
For example cloths , pc , tv ...
are very important for their signature and beautiful for their colors but are n't good pieces .
My sister buys a lot of products very cheapy but after a season she ca n't use their because are broke and I am very tired with my sister .
I will never buy a cheap cloth because I like change very often my product and I do n't want use a lot of money .
The most advertisement is make a products .
A much better than them .
They are actualy .
I agree with the statement saying that the `` The most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
In clear , the advertisement is one of the means or one the technic the marketing use to deal with the situation in the market .
In the other words , the main purpose of the advertisement is to increase the sales of an product or the products of companies .
It is also concerned with the way to increase the part of the market of a company .
It appears clear that the way or the nature of the products is not the main concern of an advertisement .
Even if the nature of the product will have something with an advertisement it depends on the nature of the products .
It does not seem reasonable to say that an advertisement will lie about how the cars or the motocycles are made .
So it depends greatly on the nature of the products .

In sum , an advertisement does not mainly deal with the nature of produts but
I agree yonug people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I am going to cover my opinion about it .
I think it occur specially city side compare to country side .
I am going to explain covering some exampls .
In country side , they work as a farmers in huge farm .
They have to coorporate each other managing agriculture in their farm .
So they would participated in their community automatically .
Now however , contrast city side , they may not know about neiborhood even they can not know their name .
Because they do not need cooporate each other to live .
Their parents just work and manage their family in a day .
If young people have to give enough time to help their communities , I think that their parents or around thier adults teach how to join , help or cooporate together .
Because yong people does not know how to join or help their communities same as around adult not to join it .
And their parents or their around adults have to consider something hold festival or event that young people will have more intersted in thier own communities .
Then if young people is interested in thier communities , I think they would became to consider join or help thier communities .

I coverd I agree yonug people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Because young people deos not need to join their communities generally that they live .
But if they more help together , thier aound enviroment would be changed lik
It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
It has been controversail issue weather it is good for student to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Some people may insist that student specialize in one specific subject in terms of saving times .
As for me , however , I believe that it is desirable for student to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects for the following two reasons : not only develop varies knowledge but also enhande sence of responsivility .

Firstly , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is to develop many kind of knowledge .
If one student will study five subjects for one year he can study many things .
They make him to smart on varies section .

Additionally , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is to enhande sence of responsivility .
Studing many academic subjects is very hard work .
But during a studing times he can learn sence of responsivility .
I totally agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , for two simple reasons : personally , professionally , First of all , i think in my case i will grow more as a person , meaning that i will study more of many things , not only concentrating in one specific subject .
That makes me , in my opinion , more interesting and usefull .
For example : reading , which is part of studiying , is so important for us to obtain knowlege , so it will help us through getting all that broad knowlege we want .
And eventually we have a lot more opportunities for jobs , which leads me to my second reason : professionally .
This gives me such an advantage in getting a job , because i cover many subjects , so there are more open opportunities for me out there .
It 's good to know many subjects because you can be very usefull at not one , but many things .
WHAT DO YOUNG PEOPLE DO NOW I disagree nowaday , young people do not give enough time to helping their communities because of alot of reasons .
First of all , young people spend their times to go to the school and to do their homework , Because of a this reason , young people do not have a time to helping their comminities .
For example , I goto the scool at 07.00 am and go back my home at 05.00pm .
This shows that I do not have time to relaxing and to helping their communities .
Secondly , I think now young people give so time to helping their communities because young people have a good realationship with their community .
For instance , these people spend their times to have a lot of friends so they met more people .
Then these people seem to spend their times to helping their community .
To conclude , In my opinion young people nowadays give enough time to helping their community because of spending a lot of things to these homework and to have a goog relationship with thei
In our life we always see that some people keep success and others not .
I think that it does n't depends only on the fact that a person take risk or not .
So I can say that sometimes a person keep success because of their risks and sometimes becauses of his good luck .

In the first case , the person is a very known and eximated person .
For instance , a person that has people that work for him can be a man that taked risks , that believed in his ability and in his potentiality , that have a great sense of responsability because perhaps the future of many family depends on his decisions .

In the second case I can think to some people that now appear on television , or in the cinema .
They are successful people but their success is not keep from hard work .
They had simply a good luck in order to be known and to receive a lot of money and often the success is no so long .
For instance the famous people 's sons are successful people but they have n't take any risk : they are only famous people sons .

To conclude , successful people can take risks or can have a good luck rathen the others .
in my opinion young peole do n't enjoy themselves then older people do because we speak of two distinguisced way to enjoy .

For exmple , if we keep an young and an old we can note that the older have many responsabiities than younger , for example they can have little children to regard so if they decide to go out , they prefer , i think , go to the resaurant an d came back home early .

An young if decide to go out , go out more late and back more late .

But i do n't think that the houres do the difference in enjoy life .

You cau stay well also remainded an appointament because you are tired , because you say that the morning have to work and so refer to remain whit your family .
In my opinion young people have changed the value to enjoy whit to go out .
In fact i think perhaps that my mother or my grand mother enjoy more than me or my sister .
Successful people try new things because they have the preparations and the intelligences for create a new project .
Without the culture is impossible to create a new things .
I study design , my job will be create a new things or object or forniture , i want to became a designer .
But is't too difficult starting job because is a new profession and the knoledge do n't prepare to the world of job .
There are many designer that have create a new project really interested and innovative , but it ' s very difficult .
For example Philippe Stark is one of the great designer in the world , his project are different and comprendono all of things , a theetbrush , a chair , a light ...
I study him project and other project for understand the idea that have genereted the final object .
To understand the process it 's for me a important passage to make a designer .
I go in university and i study for many lessons how to project but only the experience can make able to create a new object .
I have made a project for a new table , or a kitchen .
I have started to a problem or da un bisogno , the goal is to create a project that answre the question .
i think that the culture and the university it 's a good started and important way to approch at the world of succses , but only the experiences and the job wants to make a designer .
I hope that my way to appoch at the problem became a good way to arrive at the succes .
I disagree with this sentence .
I think young people sould give more time to helping their communities .
It is selfish mind that spread to young people , these days .
In particular , the younger are more selfish than the older .
As the passing time , Society is divided smaller .
In addition , entering the university and getting a job is more difficult .
So , studying or working hard is more impotant than helping others nowdays .
Then , most high scool students and young people spend time for only them .

However , I think It is bad .
It cause us to be selfish .
Actually , helping others is really good .
When I was in college student , I voluteered for deaf people .
I really had a ball .
I had to learn the sign language and every day practiced .
I tought basic sign language and talk with deaf peaple .
At that time , It was hard to me .
But , I felt extreamly nice .

My job is to help others .
My job is a emergency room nurse .
I help sick people .
Sometimes I also help sick people 's family .
It was really great and I 'd like to do eternally .

If young peaple give enough time to helping their communities or someone , they must be felt reward .
In conclusion , I think young people must
In the next twenty years there will not be a fewer cars in my opinion there will be more cars in the next twenty years and there is a reasons for that .

First reason is pepole in this world will increase and thats mean increasing in the cars they need to use , for example ; some cityes give the license driving on the age of sixteen as a result there will be a more cars in the street , Second reason is pepole needs cars so they can get there things and go to work and such thing like that .

For example I will talk about a family have a four persons how many cars they need ?
Propably not less the two cars and thats another reason why I think there will be more cars in the future , to slove the problem i think we should make a train , bus staions .

in the summary i thnk more pepole thats mean more cars and i thnk there will be a more cars in the next twenty years .
People always need to learn something to reach good life standarts therefore learning is the most important aspect of humanlife .
Everyone has a different point of view , about the idea of learning .
It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
These are my following theses .

Firtly , students go to school to learn something .
Teachers are teaching them to us but we do not awere what they are .
For example , when I was a student in a high school .
My teacher learned me but he did not want me to understand them .
Because of this reason , sometimes I do not understand clearly my lessons at my university .

In addition to this , to understand concepts can help us in future .
If we understand a subject , we never forget it , because we cover it all .
We know every thing about it .
For instance , we are in a math class and a teacher learns us a formula and he provides it for us .
If we understand it how we can obtain it , we always remember the formula .

On the other hand , to learn facts is neccesary fo people .
Something can not be undertand .
They have to be learned facts for students .
despite the tis idea i prefer to understand ideas and concepts

To sum up , as I said before it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is fo them to learn facts .
In my opnion , I agree the young people enjoy life than order people do .
Becuse , young people can activiting then order people , and they have healthy body and energy .
Think about it , If you are 50 ~ 60 years old you always think your health .
Maybe your body ca n't move for your think .

Infact even young people and old people ; they are the same human .
But the young time is very short .
In nature , every animal activiting in young time , the olders ca n't live oneself in the nature .
Human is the same , one different thing is human can study and thinking .
So , In the young time we have to enjoy life .
Do many thing , it 's important .
Make more experence , you can do every things you want .
Nowadays when we see the movie on the tv we can see a lot of advertisements .
Generaly the adverdisements has a connection with the sitcom or the movie , for example when we see a sitcom about a students life ( dawson , beverly hills ) the advertisements whose follow is the products for the students , and young people .

The question is difficult because the goal of the advertisements is to catch the customer to buy the products and how the advertisements seem much better than they really are ?

We can take some reasons to answer to this question .
First reason , in the most advertisements we can t see really the products we have for example two peolple whose kissing much better and the topic of this advertisement is to buy a car , I wonder what is the connection between the kiss and the car .

Secondly when you read your news paper there a lot of adverdisem ent not interesting .
For example we have a picture of the lot of the men in the fuel appartement and just the name of the compagny we can t find the connexion its just to sell the name of the famous compagny .

Last reasons the advertisements make the bad effects toward the children .
When the child seated in front of his tv and when he sees a advertisements with a fight or a gun , he wants to do like the person of the advertisements .

To contrast this reason we have most adavertisements to prevent to the people by teh danger of the car or the fire at home , in this case the advertisements make producs than they really are .

Finally I agree withs this statement because the bad effects of the advertisements is several and much dangerous for the children and for the young .
Since I was a child I thought that car was the most important way to transport in the world .
Now I think that there are too much car on the street in the most of industrialized country .
Big number of car in Europe , USA , Japan ...
is the most human problem in twentyone centuries .

More people thinks that in future we will drive future cars with Hydrogen alimentation , because this elements cannot produce any pollution .
But I do n't think so .
I 'm a student of Engineering Logistic and Transport and I know what I saying .
Big Study about this hydrogen cars shew how hidrogen alimentation is more expensive than oil or natural gas alimentation .
I 'm so disagree with the phrase that i can read on my left .
In Twenty years I think will be more cars than there are today .
I 'm so sure of that because there are much statistics that shew that salary people will grow up , so they can buy a car easier .
I think also that anyone likes travel in comfortable way .
About this I can say for myself experience that it 's so bettre travel by own car than trains for example ...
If you have a trip with your car you do n't have any time to respect and you feel more free and indipendent than any others way to move .

Finally I think that this affermation wo n't true , but I think cars pollution is a great problem in our society .
I agree the idea that there will ber fewer cars n iu There are two reasons : disapearing the resources of the earth and air pollution .
Firstly , we use many many cars which is moved by oils .
Although cars are very useful to move anywhere and most people have one car in one familiy , many oils are consumed by moving cars .
We use them without thinking of oils .
If we continued to use car , there would be no oil all over the world .
Therefore , it is very serious problems for us to use cars .
Now we have to think of disapearing the resources and then peple using car use other vehicles like bicile and walking .

Secondly , using cars are bad effect for the enviroment .
Today it is very important problem for all people to protect the environment .
And using cars give the earth very bad effect .
If we continued to use cars , the erath would be mroe terribble .
It is our dirty who live in the earth to protect the earth .

For all of these reasons , I think that
yes i agree because it will be more fun and e can to go to places to gather and it 's also will be cheaper than if you go alone .

if you go alone it will be boring and may be some if who is with you knows a good places and funny to visit them .

it 's also you can meet a new friends and have fun with them

like if you goo with your frieds and with thwm friends you will meet them friednsa and have a good time with them its not hard to make a new friends this is a good way to meet a good friends .

for exaple you can go to the travel agent and tell who is work there that you need to go to some places with a group tnd you choose the place for exaple Florida you can go to the universal studio there and see how they can do all this movies and go to the beach there and see anew places especialy for someone that international and he is not from the same place or not rom the same country like me i went to the travel agent and i told them that i want to go to orlando with a groub and when i went tere i met alot from other contry and they have different customs than what we have i think it is agood idea to go with a groub and have fun eith them .

you can also go out side you country and see anew culture and take the good things from them and if you like what they doing and them culture you can do same as what are they do

this is my oponion and i like to travel with agroub and have fun .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doind what they already know how to do well .
A person with good ideas should not be c its very difficult so survive in this world one has to follow the facts one has to '' live an let live '' it is said that `` One cannot change the facts '' .its very important for a person to know that to survive in this world one has to maintain thier relationship an for which their are some rules an regulation to be followed .

If a student want 's to come up in his or her furture they have to maintain some some ideal ideas and concepts .
like they have to maintain some displain in their life to built their career .

As their is change from a person to person .
they ideas of the person also differs .
to acheive a goal in their life their are many differents ways .
so every one cannot go in the same way they may follow different path .
some may say that some are very intelligent an while some others say that some are hard working ..
so but according it differes .
students believe that `` Hard work never goes in vain '' ..

But some of them believe in their luck and the time .
so for reaching a perticular goal one has to agree the facts that hard works is important in life .
if the students put their ideas in proper concepts they can get into their aim easily for which they have to believe in them an the facts that '' where their is will their is way '' an they should `` never ever give up in their life '' therfore i agree to the statement that if the students belive in the facts an put their ideas in practice they can really come up their respective course .
so
I disagree to following statement .
Because many car around us but some are old , man ' s symbol is money and car I think .
And many people like there car , buy a car , take a shower car and make safer car than now .
There is many car accident around .
Cars are improving even now .
Nowadays many scientist make water car and hydrogen car like this .
So our fuel 's price will be lower than now .

First , many people think car is the best behicle to us .
maybe there will be continet bridge when they want to travel all over the world .
Thmost popural transportation is the car .

Second , car company are trying to make a better but cheaper price car .
That means many man are good to change their car with same money but better .
Next , many kinds of cars are invented now .
For example , air plane car , boat car , robot car and so on .
Thne who will buy there own plane ?
But lower price plane car !!

Finally , car are incre
Altough some people believe that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what thay already know how to do well .
But I disagree with the this statement .
There are two reasons : trying new thing is very risky way and First , it goes with out saying that , trying new thing is trenmendous severe to succeed on business nowadays .
in fact , on calfornia , new companies which are established for do the new business , have been going bankrupt that are increasing three quoter in row at steady rate .
because to run new business have tendency to failure rather than to adapt previous business style .
For example , american car produsing companies such as Ford and Craislar , was etatablised in america and they must be sutable costomer saticfaction , thier income are declining compire with japanese car produsing companies sach as TOYOTA and NISSAN .
because they have been negrect to reserch costomer satic
I disagree .

In twenty years there will be more cares than there are today .
In addition , cars indusries and manufacters are widerange all over the world .
Therefor , future wise number of cars will increase in the coming years as well as the needs of the cars .

First of all , now adays using a car as a way of transportation is world wide .
Eventhough there are other ways , car still concider the major use of transportation .
Moreover , Population of people is increasing thats why the need for more cars will apply .

Secondly ,

All in all ,
Depending on personal experience , personality type and emotional concern , we find that some people hold the idea on have broad knowledge of many acacdemic subjects meanwhile others perfor to have specialize in one specific subject .
In my point of view , it is more advisable to choose have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than have specialize in one specific subject , My argument of this piont are lited as follows .

The main reason for prepencity for have broad knowledge of many academic subfects is that , i will know more and more knwolege , for instance i am actress , if i lear more show kind , i will have the chance more than others .

Another reason that can been see by everyone is that every thing is same , have a commen thing , know more things , can help people develp .
For example , dance , a tap dance , who must learn ballet , jazz and others kind dance can help they improve the tap dance In my argument of my point is also in a possition of advantage for a because nowadys , the job can find not easy , so we must leran more and know more , can accdept the social nowadys .

I agree that there may be have a caple of advantage of have specialize in one speciffic subject , however it is more disadvantage abviouse of have specialize in one specific subuect such as also tap dancer , if they just learn tap dance , they must not better than the person who can more kind dance .

In a word we must learn more and more in oder to accdept the sicial nowadys .
So , it is vagacinal to support have broad knowledge of many academic subjects in the statment that it is better to choose have broad knowledge of many academic subfects .

That is
Althougth I woud like that it is not true , I am agree with this statement , because it is that happens nowadays .
In fact , the majority of young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , because they are not enough interested of their communities , and of the probelms of them .

I think that the people of the generation before this have not the same behaviour , and I do not know why now that happens .
I supposed that the parents has not learnt to their son the importance of helping their communities .

Therefore , many young people are interested only of their problems , maybe very little problems , and of their , probably , few friends .
They do not consider the community 's problem , and the problem of each member of the community .
Therefore they do not keep part in solving that , he do not give their precious contribute .
Successful people are those who have achieved their goal or near to goal .
Some peoples are agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know and some people are disagree with this statement .
I agree with these statement because of strong supporting points .

Successful peoples are having an habits to achieve goals .
When they achived one particular goal they proceeding for new goal rather than doing what they already know .
They always try to learned new things from which they are unaware .
If a succesful completed his ph .
D in particular field instead fo stoping with that degree he tries to go to research on another topic .
These gives him satisfaction about his new research and gives deep knowledge about that topic .

One of my friend Mr. Prakash , he is also a Civil engineer , he passed his Master in engineer from I.I.T. with me know I joined firm and contineud for job but he gone for phD , as he is scholar but now I said he also a successful person .
Successful people never things about results they only know I have to start and I will achive the goal .

I agree with these statement because instead of trying same things try to go for new things that will give us new knowledge .
Risk taking ability are always with thses successful people .
I am also also aware with risk taking ability and I am also taking risk in a particular topic to know about .
Because if I taken the risk in a particular field then I may passed or I may fail , but if I have not try or not taken risk , then surely I wont pass .
when it comes to the statement of whether a people sucessul due to the perosn use their knowledge to knew how to do to well or his succeed due to he or she prefer try new things , difficutt people may state various of vews .
I believe the great succeed contributed to they know how to do it well .

firsrt of all , when a personal set a goal to gain suceed to it and also usefeasible ways to achiece it step by step .
for exampe .
your want to de a good doctor .
you have to plan a head may be ready to spend 5 or 10 year in the medical schools and couple years to go to the intership before you become proficiency in you futur field .
If you do do in purpsely you definitely fail you goal and can not achiece the satisfactory result .

second , you have to have a parcitcal method to do it .
if you targe it unparcitcal , it does't matter how much effor you put it , may be you stll fail your dream .
for instacne , you want make you famious to be as a good lawyer .
but do n't want to attend and law school and only limited you as usig out-dated knowledge and none-workale skills .
you will not be admired and reach y ou goal .

fianlly , think the succeed is certain affected by lucy and take a risk .
it is called a right time and a tight place .
but it is rarely happend if you don not now any thing to support you stragically succeed .

In conclusion , I strongly believe the best way to succeed to to set a clear goall and work hard to reach it .
of courese lucy sometime we can not ignore the factor of taking risk .
I strongly agree with the speker , yes it is more important for students to understand the main idea and concepts than it is for them to lean facts .
if the student understands the main idea and concept he can think brodly , and widely .
it may leads to research orientation .
leaning the facts is not that much important .

leaning does not improves the thinking .
understaning the concept is important , why because in the case of scientist archemedies , one day hedipped into tub to take his bath , some water poured out he got an idea for formula .
in this case he is having an concept , for that he is storming his barin , so he got an idea .
that leads to invent the great formula .
now a days we all are following that formula .
so understading the concept gives thye basic idea .

everybody leans the facts from childhood onwords , it does't require any thinking , or invention .
in this world even birds gets new ideas to protect them selves .
by seeing newspaper , telivision , redio , interacting with media one can learn facts .
its not that much great , everybody can do trhis .

But for the students to understand the subject is important , because to invent , or introduce new comodity or formula , or any thing to the market or to the world .
so idea maes an invention , but not the learning facts .
by understanding the concept only one can reach to their higher position .
Now a days great countries are ruiling the world in many ares like .
because they got new ideas US If people or not unaderstanding the ideas and concepts at present we may not be here , these much development may not happend to our world .

.
In my opinion in twenty years there are gone a be more cars in use than there are today .
Firstly , I think that since the invention of the car , it has been a continually increase in the sell of cars , not only for necessity , but also reach people for express a sign of superiority .

Several years before , one familly that was economic suficiency , could buy a car that has previously been used by another person .
However , nowadays , one family can have two or maybe three neew cars .
That can be the result of the economic prosperity that have the actual families .

Also , we can observe that people in general have traslated the utility of the car as a way of transpor into a toy .
For exemple , there are people that use it to go to the near neighbour house only for not going walking .
Other people like to go araund the city with the inttention of been observe by other people .

Next , many people says that are worried about the contamination of the use of the car and the consecuences that have in the ozone layer , but after saying this , they choose the car for going to work instead of going in bus , in bycicle or only walking with his own legs .

To sum up , I think that I
I agree .
Because if try new things the brain develop of think and smart .
If try to More better than many other thinks and knowledge insert our brain ...
Our can be successful people also promise !

But try to action like this ..
very hard .
Transfer to action ...
is very important .
Because it is very hard and if only can be like this after than became Successful people .
Promise !

Life is pain ..
but fight is win from like this problem and enjoy our life and try to our life ...
our successful life ..
I belive like this our life .
Enjoy our life is very hard but try to mind control after that successful like this our mind .
I belive me !
This world all of this meterial money or backing like that etc .
Like this meterial do nor connect this our world .
Only my power ability develop to our world like this meterials .
It is try new things our have to project this one .
our power , our ability .

I hope this world do not dirty .
Never is wealth , rich , money ...
Just ability !
connect this world .
Our make like this world .
Well , i agree the statement .
In nowdays , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Because young guys or girls like their life .
Surely , I am not saying the aged are do n't like their life .
I just mean , young people can use their time in pleased .

As you know , young people like travelling singing dancing and so on .
In the part time , a bunch of young poeple have a trip .
Drive their cas , go to mountins , in the mountins , they sing a song in a big volume , it dose not mattter , it 's funny , no one will say : `` hey , guy be quite ! ''
I agree with people try new things and take risks .
Successful people 's methods are only referance to get an amergency situation .
Even if we are failed , We have to try to get a new things .
This is a real life .
If people do n't try anything about something , everything will be the same over and over .
Also , All of people will follow someone who did it .
If so , people want to get something oneself without another people .
Everthing will be getting to mass up and lazy .
When people try to do new things , people realize something about result .
It does n't matter of good thing or not .
Of course , successful people tried new things .
We have to always find out by oneself .
Otherwise , We are sick and tired of living in the world .
Some people want to be a successful person .
However , other people do not try to be a perfect person .
Just , they feel shy by themselves as seeing and respect .
I think that some people who want to get goals can become a successful person .
Whereas , other people who do not practice to be a good person would live usual life .
So , i agree with that '' successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

While i am living in present time , I have never seen people who do not want to be a wonderful person .
As developing in socity , most people always pursue to get success from their degree .
And Konwledge continuously keep going on changing for fitting in new things .
Also we have to chang mind from old thinking to new one .

For examples , we can see bill gate who is richman as employment of computer company .
He constantly try to develope software or hardware until now .
Even thoug he has big house and has been became riceman , he never give up in his business and always concentrate on fousing how to make a special products .
Althogh he experienced failure , took risks in a whole part of his life or he already konw how to do well , he tries to do rather than another employment of computer company .
Therefor , he can do anything and then he can keep his work in top of firms .
I like him because
This is a very particoular theme .
In my opinion the thing that is better is the first affermation .
I think this becasue for a person in the world is more interesting to know something of every argoument instead that only a specific sector .
All this because a man with a little conoscence of various argouments can have a relationsheep with a lot of person in the world than a man that know only a singoular sector .
In the world of today the knowledge and the intelligence are two important elements that permite to the people to survive .

In the modern society is present the refoular of the most clever .
Usually a man with a limitated intelligence is condanned to suffer .
For me only in the case that a man lives only and makes a particoular work without to have any relationsheeps with other persons can have a specialization only in one specific subject .

But this discuss is valid for few people .
An eclectic conoscence permit , also if it 's limited , a dialogue with a lot of persons .
Sometimes a specialized conoscence is not necessary because the the majority of the discuss that people do is general .
Only in particoular situation is request a specifical conoscence of a argoument .
This is my opinion , but is not law .
Also because a limitated conoscence of a thing is better that no/knowledge .
A life of success is possible only with a particoularly intelligence .
In fact a man only with a intelligence more develop can have a lot of success in the own life and becomes a very important person .
Usually the facts go in this way .
Rarely a man becomes famous and important for a casual event .
In the story of the world these facts are very rare .

In conclusion a person should have a developed knowledge in every sectors , so that he can speak and to have a relationsheep with other persons of different social level .
In fact a intelligence person can speak with every person , intelligent or not , but a person with a limitated conoscence difficulty can have a relation with different person
I agree with this statement which says `` must advertisement make products seem better than really are . ''
For example when I are go to a sopermarct store I usully look at a Known brids .
It seem better but when I start to use it I reallize that the old one is much better .
Here in the USA every day you can see a new advertisement .
like `` Gigou '' the enshorance company .
I have an experince with this company in my last accident .
I told them I want to get cash instade of fixing me my car but they rifuse .
Than after tow monthes the took about same stution in thier ad .
I did n't keep my mouth shout .
When I have return they told me no we ca n't give the money to you .
frome that time I hated to see ads in TV .
second reasone I thik it 's the ads job to make products seem better so the consumer change his idea and use this product .
after that they made more and more money .
that explan why I gree with that statment .
In general speaking , a lot of people love new things , especially young peole .
I suppose that everyone need ambisious feeling for many thing , therefore I agree with that successful people should try new things even there are some risks .

For example , there is one successful person with art , and he already has a lot of jobs belonging art .
But one day , he really interested in to be auther .
However , if he quit his job now , he cannot avoid from the position of the person who has no job .
In this case , he has to think carefully about his future first , and then , if he really want to be auther even there are some risks , he should be the auther .
However , he has to efforrt to be the auther very much .
If he notice that he shoul not to be the auther later , and there are no jobs , it is his responsibility .
It was good for him to notice that he should continue his jobs same as before .

If someone who want to try new things even there are some risks , they should try .
There are no experoles of own lives only doing what they already know how to do well .
Even the people who love to dong only one thing , they might had a time to think
When I was studying in school , I also felt that `` Why we have to learn junk subjects '' .
However , I really agree about the many academic subjects are good for knowledge , because it provide lots of opportunities , I mean it 's good for future .

In my life , when I was second grade in middle school , a teacher gave a homework to us which was find your talant .
After school , I tried to think what am I good at or what do I like .
However , I could n't , because I could n't find my talants .
However , after highschool finally , I found my talants .
My talant is a law .
When I was first grade in highschool , I had a friend who called Che-Jea-Heong .
He was very special friend .
He always tried to think strange way .
First , I did n't want to talk with him , but when we talked about the talant , we became a friend .
Actually , his father is police .
And his family is very poor .
So , first we started to talk his father , why he is poor .
After that we started to think law .
Then we found our talant .
Actually , this I found this talant from the school project .
When I was 3grade in middle school , I had a class which was Korean language class , but at that class , we had a special study which was law .
Because , my teacher thought law is good for stundent .
So we tried to study the law just one period with a game .
However , my friends are really bored about this , but me I was really enjoyed that law class .
So after that period , I said to the teacher that study more laws , but she could n't , because lots of people did n't like that .
Anyway , I really like the law , also I 'll go to the law university .

From this reason , I can think many way to find my talant from the school subjects .
I can think math , science , music or art .
So we can include our opportunities .
Now days , many students cannot understand the school about the acadmic subjects that why they have to learn too much subject , I was too , but now I agree from the school .
And I really thanks from the school .
I agree and in the same time I disagree with this statement .
It defers frome each side point of view .

Let us supposed I 'm a young guy I will agree .
Because young people can play alot of sports like football , basketball , swimming , gouging , and body bilding , but eldary people can n't .
Also thay can do dangirus sports like bongy jumbing .
And can travel for along time with out taking medisin like eldary ones .
However young people can gather with friend at late time enjoying them selfs and can sleep late unlike eldary people .

And if we look at it from old people view thay will say we can arrange our time and play sports like table tennes , cheese , monopoly and we can enjoy our time by watching T.V. vissiting friends .
They do n't need phisical motion to enjoy life .

Finaly am with youn
Both understanding ideas , concepts and learning facts are have a different role in the students .
But I used to support understanding ideas and concepts rather than to learn facts .
As everything in the students academic classes are useful to the students so they must have an idea about that concept .
So student can easily learn that topic and he can use that learnt subject in his future .
For example if the student has a topic on prevention of communicable diseases , how can he learn facts with out knowing about the concept so he should have some idea about that topic by seeing some practical conditions and there by he learn facts .

Understanding ideas are very important to the students as it gives him a solving of any critical problem .
If the student understand ideas and concept of the problem , he may be aware of it .
Not only that his mind his sharpen , his thinking power increases , his reasioning increase ther by he can learn so many facts .

If they have the capability to understand ideas and concepts , they arises themselves a question and they will try to solve , there by thier thinking ability increases .
It is also very important if the student has some idea about the topic , it is easier for the student to learn .
Some times idea about the topic gives him a doubts and he will do a research on it also .
If the student with ideas will always be a intelligent and his mind is sharper .
If the student has anidea in one topic then he dont feel that is harder and he easily learn fact from that .

Even for the scientists also they first think about that topic and they come to one idea and they do reasearches and give us a facts .
Thus I conclude that idea about the concept is more to know the facts easier .
I do agree to the statement that says `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide. '' because it is a safer way to travel , it is well organized , you make new connections and learn very intresting insights on the country .

I do believe travelling in a group led by a tour guide is better than travelling alone because it ensures your security in a country unknown to you .
This is especially true if you visit a third world country that speaks a different language than yours .
For example , last summer I went to Ecuador .
While this country is knowned for having many pickpockets , I never got robbed or felt I was watched or followed because I was with a group .
I also felt safe because the tguide was from the country and knew where to go .
I am sure that if i had gone by myself to Ecuador , i wouldm < t have felt safe .
Hence , groups are a good way to feel safe when you travel .

Another reason why travelling wiht a group led by a leader is a the best way to visit another country is all the insights given by the tour guide .
The tour guide knows a lot about the countrie < s history , and his knowledge certainly helps you better understand the culture , the people and the language of the country you are visiting .
Even though you might have read about the country in books , the guide always has more interesting approach and interesting facts and anecdotes that you would not find in books .
thus , a guide will make your trip more interesting .

Thirdly , travelling with a group and a guide is less stressful than travelling alone .
In fact , a guide takes care of hotel reservations and activities ; you don < t have to worry about anything .
Isn < t the main purpose of travelling to escape from the stress of work ?

Also , the guide generally organizes a lot of activities that you wouldn < t ha ve done if you had visited the country alone .
Therefore , travelling with a guide lets you experience the culture through many activities and makes your stay more enjoyable .
For example , I would't have gone rafting , canyonering , snorkeling , etc. if all these activities had n't been organized by a guide .
hence , travelling with a group gives you the opportunity to make more activiies .

Finally , when you travel with a group , you make new friends .
the group is your temporary family and people you can relate to because you come form the same background .
i personnally think Sharing a trip with a group is a lot better because you sahre your new experiences with them and you
I aqgree that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
I think that I 'm not alone in this matter .
It happens almost every day .
We are bombarding in so many ways with so many atractive products advertisements , that appeals our senses and pockets that it 's almost impossible to resist .
In one occasion , an andvertisement called my attention in a magazinne ; the picture , specifications , value and over everthing the total garantee of complete satisfaction or the money will be refunded no questions abou it , cought me up .
I bought the product and I got it , of course , it was n't the the way they pictured it literally .

I 'm thanked and glad , that there are laws which protect consummers from this type of commercialization ; that 's why the manufactures knows that not every body will be pleased to have their product and they give us the option to return it .

With this previous experince , I think before to buy .
I preffer to see , touch and evaluate the product before to buy it .
I ca n't say that always is like this , of course there are products that supports what they proclaim , but I think that there are not to many
yes , i agree with this statement because i think that the most important for us at this time to use tour guide for security and so for more information , tour guide can help us to get a lot off infomation history to show us different things about anything but we don ' t use tour guide may be we can lose and so we ca n't get information .
I agree with this statement , I think indeed that in general successful poeple are more likely enklined to get into new and maybe more risky situations ( financially or personaly )
When poeple have reached a honorable level of social success , they tempt to be much more self confident and by that less subject to being afraid of taking risks .
Most of the time the risks are taken financialy .
But those are n't most of the time uncalculated ; they are done in a way that they will not be totaly in danger .
For example : if it 's a financial risk , they will probably mesure the level of danger in so far that even if it takes a negative turn , they will be able to handle it .
the education field has deeply changed in the past recent years new technologies have brought so many improvement in information access .
students now can have access to a huge amount of information in a very easy way i believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas than to learn facts understanding concepts involves thinking which allows the student to be creative and adaptative to the the environment that is changing rapidly while learning a fact could be mistake inducing since the fact learned would be no longer true once the student understands a concept he will be free to use in various situations also when you understand something you are more likely to keep it in mind than something you have learned and that you may forget to finish i like to emphasize that when the student understands he doesn t need to learn .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take riske ratheer than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I think if a parson who knows something well and using the skill to be success will also be success but it will not be successful as the parson who try new things and take a risks .
The reason I think is because the person who knows how to do well is just following the step that he knows and the he does not have any idea to challenge something new .
That mean is he will never find any better way to do something even if there is one .
Even it is easer to do the thisngs that you already know and more less risky , if you choose the difficult way to try new things there is more chance to success .

When you see the person who are successed , i think most of them tried new things with high risks .
For example there was a man who has own a company which was not doing well , and the one of the worker said that he could improve the things that they sell
I agree with this question .
And recently , there are a lot of tour in japan .
Most japan 's tour led by a tour guide .
because there are some reasons .
First , Japanese people likes to go to somewhere with groups and it is safety to go to travel .
If tour guide led us everywhere , We do not to think about every one .
Tour guide thinks about us .
For example , how many people are there now ?
or next , where do we go and so on .

In my experience , I have been to Disney land with my friends , and I led my freiends .
However it was very hard to led people .
it was not easy to it Second , tour guide has a lot of knowlege about that place or something .
If I had question and asked , tour guide can answer the question .
Last year , I have been to the china , however I can not speak chinese , so I was in trouble that I missed train , and I called tour guide .
And tour guide tell me how to get to ride train and come back hotel .
I felt tour guide is very kind .

Third , it is nesesally to go to travel with tour guide .
If I go to foreign country , I do not understand what people say .
So it is very bording .
tour guide can speak local launguage .
What 's more , I think tour guide know local imformation .
it is very important to enjoy in there .
If I go to somewhere myself , I can not to know about local imformation .
Of course , It is not free when I want to go to anotherplace

In summary , I agree to led by tour guide when I go to travel .
but it is very safety during travel .
and it is important to go to
The above statement that is `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' it is not right .
I disagree with this statement .

Many of the old people enjoy with thier life than youngers .
In the oldage the people have leave all the burdens and they are spending their own interested work .
infact younger have more responsibilities and work in that age , sometimes they ca n't enjoy because they dont want to loose their official work .

Forexample , long toor we want to go , in that time spending fifteen days of time for that , that is not sufficiant for all the youngers .
some of them are missing for thier own impertent things But old people are spending maximum time to that toor .
Not only toors but also in daily things .

Moreover , Old people enjoy with childrens and playing with them .
they can act like a child like playing criket , chess etc. they can enjoy thier own way .
old people work in their young age and then taking the rest in this old age with their interesting activities and abilities .

I conclude that , older people also enjoy .
enjoyable things and ways are different but they can also enjoy .
not young people enjoy life more than older people .
Young people and old people can enjoy themselves in thier own ways , styles and adjustments .
yes i agree with thish statment it is more importet for students to lea understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts when things going on ideas and concepts are understood in my practical reason giving that in any subject when we learn ideas and concepts then we can learn facts about that subject .
for example in my physics subject concept of perabola .
in this topic when we have some idea and some concept than we can learn facts about thet topic and second reason is about working and doing job .
for example when we know some what about working idea and concept then we can do some work in any where and then knowing and learn facts finally i am agreeing with this statment that is it is more importen for students to learn facts
But you for your professional work you have to be specialised in a specific subject .
Because today you have to be one of the best in your field to success and to be able to answer to all questions .
But their is not just the professiopnal world who is important .
And you ca n't progress if you are just able to speack about your job

In my opinion it 's very important to have a general culture to be able to discuss from all topic with other people , to be able to understand the world , the art .
You have to be aware on the world .

But general culture isvital in the all days life .
History is very important for example .
And you ca n't forget the history of humanity .
It 's a question of respect but it 's important to do not make the same mistake as in the past too .

Another argument is that to have knowledge in some field can help you in other subject .
For exemple you ca n't study art without having knowledge in history .
And I think that study mathematics can bring the logic you need to understand philosophy .

That 's why I think it 's important to have a minimum of knowledge in all the fields and to be specialised in one of them .
I think that the studies have to bring this balance betwenn the general culture and the specialisation .
It 's the key of the satisfaction of a person .
I agree with that the most adevertisements make procucts seem better than they really are .
I have two reasons .
First , the informations on the products are different from the real contents .
For exeample , I often use cataloge shopping to buy my clothes .
At that time , the clothes sended from company are totally deffrent the pictures .
the size , color Seconds , the advertisements do not send real messages .
For instance , the rabel of foods says only main materals .
The advertisements need our life so , it have to send real information or massage .
In my think , this way is good experience .
Because if we go to dangerous area , team worker is benefital and have more friednship .
And I learn a lot through the tour guide .
When I was young , I had travel with my family by a tour guide .
At that time , tour guide was very wonderful and kind .
And the man was kind to us .
So I wanted a tour guide .
These days , the job which have a tour guide is not good .
Like the way travel is have no more self raliance .
I just want travel many where .
In my case , when i go to travel with some group , I often depend to them about schdule or surrounding life .
When I went to Easten Asin , I also depent to my group .
I do n't adapt another city or surrounding .
If I remain another country , at least , I have a one week during a adapt .
I thought that this way will break my grow development .
So I will go to travel alone .
Actually , I feel a little scared .
but until now , I always rely on my parents and my friends .
Because of this reason , I did n't have achievement something .
I have a plan that go to abroad for study just alone .
If i have to do , I will better than now .
And except me , best way travel is enjoying trip , having a no accident , and haveing a good time during the travel .
I will raise my confident and self-ralience .
I agree that people must try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well and that is because when you learn new things and do new things you meet new people and that is good because once you known alot of people you will succeseed in your life and if you do n't take the risk and stay where you are you will not be able to know new things and new people and that acually be boring and less fun and you will not be able understand the things you face in the future if you do n't known nothing about anything exept the things you know from before but when you learn new things you will be able to see things more clearly than before and if you do n't take risks you are not living you life like you should you must take risks and learn new things and meet new people to be a successful man .

For example if you have two companies each one of them works in a kind and one of them fail you will have the other one , but if you just work in one kind of work and have one company you will lose everything that is why i like learning new things the taking risks .
The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
In my opinion , that 's not true .
Traveling by a group which is led by a tour guide will might be a good trip .
You do n't have to reserve a hotel or restraunt , and you do n't have to plan almost everything .
But , I think thatthere is a mistake on here .
Choosing hotel , restsaunt , country , where you going to go ...
everything is fun and called `` trip '' .
Also we have to remember is , guide company could maybe make mistakes .
So your tour could be destroyed by guide company .

These are the reasons why I disagree with this question .
In todays world time is very much important for everyone .
eventhough time important people have to take the correct decision .
so that you can succeed in the way you choose .
young people should have helping qualities in them .
so that they can learn new things and improve their skills in relating fields .

agree far weigh disagree because young people want to finish the work as soon as possible .
every one knows that young blood people will work more and did not give the time to any one .
for example my appartment builder who is nearly twenty three years he take up the responsibility to the apparments with in one year and he complete the work very efficiently .
all of members in the apparments appreciated him .
young people will think about mostly time so that is reason why they dont have the time to help .

on the other hand young people will not think much when they are taking the decisions many times without seeking the advice and without helping communities many young people are spoiling their careers .
for example myself without preparing for the GRE test i write the exam .
i get less score ultimately i wasted my parents money insteted of helping parents .
iam taking help from them .
young people never help the communities at last they may face the problems .

young people should give enough time to communities and they should help them .
and they should also keep in the mind about time management .
so that
i do n't agree with the following statement .
i think just specialize in one specific can make us to succee .
as we all kown , almost of us are normal person .
we just have this mind to think , work and some others .
this just like shot , if we get one to shot and make us power notice to one point .
this power is very breakful .
but if we once get many to shot , that must be missed .
the reason about my mind for this following statement like this shot .

if we get to have broad knowledge of mand academic , it just like shot many at once .
the end almost is missed everything .
but if we concen us all power to make one thing .
i think it must will be get .

as the chinese proverb said that `` do n't for apple to throw the melon '' .if we do n't make our nervous to one point .
then we will watch around everything .
and we will see a flash apple and forget you alread have a melon in your hands .
ok , if you have throwed your melon and get the apple .
plaese make this apple doing its mostly power .
if that you prehaps will invite a new kind of apple .
but if you still look around , i think you must will thorwn this apple to get anther frasher one .
maybe it is an orange .

so in fact , as a normal person , you could n't make your attention to many things and do these things very well .
this like some scitists , we hard to hear a scitists get many kinds of the nobel prize .
most of them cost their whole life just get one kind prize .

in this world , we need someone do one thing toply .
and we also need many this thing .
that need many defferent kinds of top people in their own events .
so this also need you , she , he , and i , if we just ca n't get enough mind to do many things .
now let us to specialize in one specific subject .
In the begging young people nowadays do n't care about anything they spend there time in waching movies and listening to music and cilibrities , young people nowadays like to be free and with out a strict , having fun and enjoying there lifes but they have time for every thing even for helping their communities .

Nowadays young people do n't care about the benefits of helping their communities , on their sons and dougters , thats how it work in our days exept some young people of course they help their communities and do any thing to glade their communities and parents .

So , my dear young people nowadays how do n't care about helping people and helping your communities , help them and you will win the happenies and you have the time to do it every young human have that time to their communities and their countries .

Do n't miss the approtonatiy to win the happines and the glad of you and you parents .
I hop you will take my advice and doing it and you will be the winners and god will help you in this and every thing good in your short life .
Cars are transportation that is useful for life .
In thirthy years before nearly there is no car used but it become more comman then espically nowadays there is a car nearly in a family .
Because cars are used for many reasons but maybe in twenty years cars are used fewer than today there is some reasons for this stiuation .

First of all , cars will leave its place to another transportations like plane , ship , bicycle and etc .
Maybe people go everywhere by plane or ship it is much more comfortable and taking less time than cars .
In adittion to his people can not tired because they will not use car everything will ready for them they only will buy tickets and take rest for them .
In this way people will trip a lot they will get accusttem this and want it nearly a month .
So the cars will be teking their place to another transportations .

The other reasons for leave up cars is that cars are taking of pollution to the environment .
And Cars are caused a lot of traffic jam the reasons for taking car will usefull gor everything .
In contrast to cars uses it gives a lot of damages to the other parts of life .

In conclusion , cars are maybe more comman now but I agree that it will be restricted within twenty years .
So it will be so
Undertanding ideas

In my view , it is important for students to undertand ideas and concepts than its for them to learn facts .
Also I think it is much easyier than learnings facts and more acceptable .

For example , if he has a Biology class and the teacher is trying to explaine the lesson , the students will understanding hardly if the tf the teacher is explaining as a fact , but if the teacher explained it as an idea or a concept it will be easy like a peice of cake .

Second , you have nothing to do with facts because in this century no one wants to lesson facts most of them prefare to know the something as an idea .
I think also they will memorise it and remember it quickly more than facts .

Another example , if you want to go to a campus and some of your friends aked you a question about a lesson , attitude , anything else you will not be able to answer him a good answer unless if you know it as an idea or a concept .
I think also that the doctors studyed that understanding ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts and the doctors approved that by making experience on the poaple so he made groupe who undertand facts and another on

Finally , I would like to advice all of poeple to undertand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts because it is easyier and more comfortable to all of us .
Although there are alot of advertisng for new and ancient products , which we watch them on television , newspapers and radio aswellas magazines , some of them are no really and other s are accustomed in our life .
In my essay i will mention some advantages and disadvantages when watching advertisment .

In actually , some people believed that is more advertisments , it is better than products are not promoted then it earns much money for the owner as we heard , such as some substances which we see on the promotional channels .

For my part , I prefer taht if the manufactors decided to make much promotion for their products with regarg to satisfy needs as request , because of its promotion must abide by the laws and rules are announced from authority othre wise it will give bad idea and no really aims which it aims to profit only .

Finally , it supposed that the products create to serve apopulation and to conform the scales and measurments which are known for us .
The last conclusion , we admitt not only which we heard and see it is really but some products are not conforming for thes
I think that is better to have broad knowlendge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
In my opinion when we have knowledge of many subjects we , in the future , will work on the different kinds of job .
I actualy study marketing but not only this subject becouse i know that is important to know another types of subjects ( for example maths , italian exetera ) to will arrive at the top of the management .

In fact for the total knowledge in my school teach a different kinds of subjects to prepare a future business manager , not only one subject but a lot of different subjects .

My friend , in the college , studyed only maccanical subjects and actualy he does n't find a good job for this preparation .
However if you specialize in one specific subject you have not a possibility to choose a different kinds of work but , if you is the better in your specialize , you will arrive quikly at the top of the your future job becouse you have the total knowledge of this specificaly job .

In conclusion i can say that the very important in the future life of any students is not how much academic subjects is know but how can we studyed it .
Everyone in the world has a life , and everyone wants to enjoy the life , but not every one can has what he or she wants , whatever , I am agree with that statement wich says young people enjoy the life more than older people because the young people are good at sports more than old people and young people have more time to live .

First of all yong people are good at sport , and that meke them have a more things to enjoy , for example I do not see any one in the sacore feild any one his or age more than 35 years , also in valyball , and the pasketball , so when we think about this point we will faind many things in the young people life that make them alot happers from older people .

Not just that makes young people enjoy the life more than old people , but also the young people have more time to live and that makes them enjoy the life more than older people such as a chaild with amother and a father the chaild has long way to go and to start her or his life and time to enjoy it , So that makes them alot more enjoy the life more then an older people .

Fainaly , the young people are good at sport , and the young people have more time to live , makes them enjoy the life in more than these way .
In the end I thank that young people are so laoky unless they still younger .
even I wants to stay ayoung man .
I disagree with the statement .
Firstly , if we specialize in one specific subject , we can consentrate on that subject .
It means the person who specialize in a specific subjet has much more knowkege than the person who have broad knowlege because of spending time to specialize in that subject .

Now , I would like to talk about a doctor case for example .
When you are seen by doctor because of the flu , the hospital has many notices to suggest thier field .
What do you feel to look these many notices ?
Do you feel anxiety or good image against the hospital ?
The answer is obviously former one .
Because we can rely on a specifian more than a doctor who has broad knowledge .
It is appearently outcome .

For those reasons , I disa
There are so many kind of people in the world .
While some people try new things , others try tradition things .
In order to be successful people , the most of people have to try new things because the social , politic and economy are being changed rapidly in the 21 th century .

First of social problm , Internet that is used by computer cause that mind of young people is changed quickly in the various field .
Young people are not willing to contain adult 's traditional things .
Young people using the internet can have more information throughout the world , so they can be successful people with geting quick information .

In addition , some years ago , success was confinded with studing science and political .
But there are so many kind of successful people economically .
Of course , although they were used to try old thing , people trying new things concernd with economial behavior could have more risk rather than others , however , people chalanging more risk and new things obtain economically money such as successful people .

It is concluded that people trying new things can be successful people more than people trying already known things .
I disagree that a person should specialized in one specific object , as this makes him able to achieve and develop in this field , as an example a student studying buissines he must be specified in buissines but he must also gain knowledge and experience in other fields as in marketing and to widen his experience and gain many skills .a person must gain as much knowledge as he can . a person must try to combine and join between his specific subject and and other types of knowledge .
the reason of success of many buissinesmen around the world is the variation of science .
as an example a person studied computerscience at university and established a company which devlop computer programs as as microsft he must be aware of other specifications as managment to be up to date in technology and compete with other to give his best
CARS
Nowadays there are lots of cars in the world places .
Most people have a car .
Cars very important transportion vehicles .
Nowadays industuries very development so vehicles very rice .
Today people more use cars than in twenty years ago .
Because today most people have choisen ivendualty .
In the past in the twenty years ago there will be fewer cars in use than there are today there are severel reason such as people have n't got enough money , in past people used to public transporion , industuries not development like today , old cars not safe like today cars , and countries have n't got good road .
Firstly , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use because people have n't got enough money .
They spend money only basic foods .
For example , one people bought only kitchen need .
in the past alived people have fewer money than today .
Secondly , reason in twenty years there will be fewer cars inuse tahn there are today they used to public transportion so in the past there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
They used to public vehicles such as bus , and tramvay .
they used to public vehicles because they cheaper than cars .
Another reason there will be fewer cars in use than today there are today
The advertisements make the most products look better than they are really , i agree with this above mentioned satement .
for this agree i want to state sum examples to hold my agrrement .

As per my knowledge is concerned some advertisements regarding the products that is any product , the advertisement makes much better than they really what the product is .
I does not want to criticize any paricular item or a manufacturer of the product ,

I have so many experiences with this statement , i want to produce one example what i have faced , one time i was watching the television show in between the show there was a commercial break , in the break i watched one advertisement regarding an ornament , in that advertisement the manufacturers were showing their best qualities of the ornaments with celebrities of the modern world , and that time i was greatly influenced by that advertisement particularly i made a strong decision to visit that store to purchase the ornament .

After a few days i visited that store with my friends , i purchased one of the ornament that i liked there , and i came back from the store after a few days later i noticed that the product which i purchased from the ornament store got damaged because of misproper finishings , it was one of the costliest item which i purchased , and after this situation i realized that some kinds of advertisements make the products seem much even better than their orginal .
so i finally conclude this statement by agreeing .
I agree with those who believe that more advertisements make products seem much better than they realy are for tha following reasons : the costomers are more sensible for the external aspect of the products , if the advertisement exalts some particular the product become more interesting and a funny music or presentation may involve the costomer to buy .

If the advertisement uses an inteligent presentation the costomers hase more interest for it .
For example if I product a cake for children and I show attractive ad funny characters with my product in their hands ad I give some gifts with this , my cake will be selled a lot .
Otherwise , If I do n't make some expedient my product appears not good .

Second , using tips like show how better a soap clean your flood but using another soap or a lot of whashes .
Finaly , if the costomer see a funny music , presentation o situation , he remembers the products better and if he find it in a supermarket with anoter tipe of same product , he chose the first .
As a matter of fact , the issue of whether successful people try new things and take risker rather than only doing what they already know how to do well is a complex ahd controversial topic .
Different people hold different views due to their distinct backgrounds and experience .
But for my perspective , I think the people attend to success is not only due to their trying new things and taking risks but also some other insistant .
However , it 's a key to succeed .
If I must to choose one , I will coose the fomer statement .
In the following discussion , I would like to give some evidences to support my point of view and give other examples the refute cursory opinion .

First of all , the arguement can be presented to develop my position is that successful people need different idea of invention to bulid new things .
Why I say that ?
According to the current rich man , about two third of them earn their fame from the new technological products .
A good example may be found in the case that the most weathy person is rich based on his courage to take risk for investing new technology .
Under this circumstance , it is quite obvious that the curious enterprise is nescessary for successful poople .

In addition , there is another reason for me to choose the former statement .
The reason is not far to seek that speed of investing is more improtant thing than past .
For the realistic example , our families decided to sell cookies near our home , but there had another cookie shop to open earlier than us .
Losing the advantage of the opening time , we were failed to invest the shop and lost money .

Consequently , considering the strong reasons and examples that successful people need the ambition to try new things , which sometimes intertwine a organic whole and become more persuasive , we may safely arrive at the conclusion that I supprot the former statement .
`` Each finger is diffrent from the other '' , a say by a well known peot .
I would n't disagree and give u a fact that I 'm sure is not right , and defending people from my own age by saying that they do help their communities .
But though , they 're alot of childeren that are participating and helping communties , eventhough lots are not but those kids that are should be hounred because what they 're doing is not a small thin g at all .
Helping others in their age , with lots of pressure is not an easy thing that they can handle , thats why lots of parents do not allow their children in applying for activties or communities .

Parents are consiered about the level of they 're children in studies , and thats one of the main reasons , why kids do not cosider peoples problems and try to help , its because they are not thought to love each other at home , they are not tought to love doing nice thins for others and help the needies although most od the religons around ofthe world consists on helping the person that does not have enough to care of him self , whether it was something in the person or it is a need of money , .

Helping communities start with small things around us , and I'mn that they are alot of kids that are helping by small things that they dont even bother to count vecause they might think its silly .

In conclusion I don n't fully agree with the statment but wish from parents and people whom call their selfs adults to make our younger children and next generations of kids to be cosidered and loving to others and to know thats there no diiference between a wealthy and a poor or a white or black except by heart because as we grow our heart splits aound our beauty in our face and moves .
i was allways thinking about what will happened in the next years , but every day i have adeferent ideai , and there are some of them .
some times i agree with this statement becuase in the next twenty years mabey the human will invent anelectritical door that we an pass throw it and suddenly we find our selves in another place .

or human can invent a flying car that we can transporting inthe sky for ashort spaces , and ithink this what will happend and we will say good bay to cars and trians .

but what i 'm thinking now is : this oil who long it will stell with us ?
and when it will be runout ?
if this happend so we will not see cars or planes or trains even ship , all of these things will go away and this time will be the camels and horses time .

but mabey we will atened to the natural sourse for the energy and getting and improve our life .
and these natural source are : first the energy of wind .
as we know the wind has strong energy , and if we know how to use it by puting big fans on the huge mountains , also the sun can give us alarge amount of energy , and we can get this energy by the sun cells , the same cells that artifical moons have in the space , and this way were used by some people and they said its a useful way for getting energy , becuase we can used for cars , plans , or trains and save the oil for another thing .

in aconclusion i think cars will be kicked out inthe next twenty years , but not all the cars becuase the cars which move with the sun cells will still in our life .
I dis agree that lt is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learning facts .
The learning is very important to students .
Fisrt , Through the learning , many studnets can understand other people and they can get acknowleages .
In Korea , many students bocome a mother because of baby .
They are very young and they do not have a job so they can not finish their studying .
Through the happen , the little mother can not care the babies as well because they did not finish their studying so the babies ignore their mother .

I think that we should sutdy for our babies because if we do not finish the education , we can not care our babies ae well .
Second , when we did not finish our education , we can not get a good job .
I want to become a curator but if l do not finish the studying I can not become a curator because I do not have a acknowleage about the drawing and artshistory .
Therefore , many students should study hard for our dreams .

Third , I think that if many students do not sutdy , many students will become a stuiped so it is affect to government cause the government can not gat a smart peoles , so their can not develop as well .

In conclusion , many students should study for their dr
Most advertisements make you to see the good way of the product , but steel been bad , for example the cigarrets , bring a advertisement that if you consume that product can cause serios problems of cancer , so that is not the advertisement make the product seem much better than they really are .

I agree that the product bring the advertisement , but dont make sure that is good , because the contain is the same .
So is not better product or worst if that bring and advertismenet but , make more value if thatt cause and effect like do not drink or smok , because can cause serios problems , and the people really dont buy it because they know the consecuences because the advertisement said .

A lot of people dont really care wath the advertisement say or may be just make joke about it , some of the baby products bring and advertisement that you cannot give to your child if it is less than 3 years for example , and the people just dont get it and they give it to their childs , so when something happend they dont want to asume the consecuences or they dont want to know that they have the fault .

I dont really think that an advertisment it is enough , sometimes we need more than advertisment to do not buy a bad productc .
But in the other hand , is not good to advertise for and industry to the people that their product is bad or can cause bad consecuences , becuse some of the population can stopped to buy it .

So , in conclusion I agree that the products most bring and advertisement but dont make better then they really are , so we have to take care of all products that we buy every day , and read what they are trying to said .
So thats is a I agree with this statement .
Young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their cmmunities .
As we knowk , the develpment of the world in diffirent waysw is getting increasing more and more .
This , will effect the time .
Let 's take the internet as an example , a range of 4 to 6 hours is being spent ; and when you add this to the time that is spent on the education and sleeping we will see mostly no time to help the communities .
Parents can helpe by teaching them the importance of our communities and we must focus on how can we develope them .

Keep in mind that young people should be a developer for the communities not only a consumer .
These words have to be touhgt in depth to them and sure we will see a good generation that help not only our communities but also our proparaties that exist everywhere .

Finally , the enviroment where the young people raised in is important with the nature of thier parents .
This question will have many different respose for each person .
in my opinion is I am not agree .
Because most advertisements must have determine to make products according to supply and demand .
therefore , most adviserments must have control to make products .
also make products influnced cause to price , etc .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
First , people in Japan study a lot of facts , such as History and Math instead of idea and concept class when they were in elementary school , junior high school and high school .
It is too much time to learn facts .
they should study class which understand ideas and concepts .

Second , almost people have PC , TV , TV game and cell phone , so they do n't like thinking something .
Children often play the TV game in their house , instead of go out with their friend .
today there are a lot of services for the people , for travel , for study , for having a better enviroment , for every thing to simplify the life and enjoy the people .

There are so many solutions for every things , many things for give a better life to everyone .
A great part of these solutions are dedicated to enjoy people : every kind of trasport like car , train , plan , or every kind of place to go like disco , pub , swimpools or fitness center .

All to we enjoy ..
But I think that young people today can enjoy better than older people did .
I 'm a young woman that lived in a time where all I would have or do I could have or do , but I also lived in a small town , where there are not so much service than in bigger city , but i do n't think it 's a bad thing .

I had the possibility to live in the nature , walk , play , study and feel me good and happy for the small things and , aboveall , I had no kind of stress like the older people did .

Now , that I live in a bigger city than mine , I 'm often stressed and nervous for every things I do or think .
It is not only a my problem , every day I see around me people that feels like me .

They try to make something for resolve this problem this why they go out often to go to fitness center , in the night to the disco or to cinema to watch , often , some stupid films that , they hope , can give them a pause in their stressed life .

I also think that a lot of things that we do today for enjoy are not so simple and natural like we would , and there are created so much services to try to resolve this great problem of our society ..

we are not more able to enjoy like ours parentes .
That 's why todaymore often
I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion , an advertisement is in the between reality and imagine .
For example , if some medicine company advertise made by rabbit blood by showing the ingrediants and the real processing methods , nobody do n't want to buy or sell .
I know this example seems like over-expression ; however , let think about reality , it totally depend on mild imagine .
The mild imagine is cute and humorous .
The second reason that I agree the topic is that .
The main objective of advertisement is to persuasive buyers or costomers .
It is the most important to advertise .
At this point , to get agreement some product become more beautiful and gorgerous using new high technology such as potograpic technic , various grapic technic with computor .
So the development technology is creasing to stimulate customer 's view .
As a results , many company use the effect and then the results make it to be see most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Yes i believe that in twenty years there will be many different models of cars .
Even now car deseigners had designed many interesting cars that havent published yet .
In twenty years maybe ten we 'll be flying around , diving under water with our cars .
The time destination will go less like now with the car it takes 5 hours or 6 ours ( ofcourse if your fast and your car is good ) to get ot Istanbul .
In the future it 'll take 45 min with the car i hope .
The technology increases more and more everyday in a scary way in every different part ( cars , airplanes .
boats , phones )
Im not even sure what going to happens maybe we 'll go to the space with our cars who knows ...
At these days the young people do not give enough time to help there communities and if youask me why ?
i will answer with these queston : when did you saw a teenager hlep the poor childern how to read or write or helping an old man or old woman to cross the streat or helping them with the grosery ?

of coures you will say : never in my life or in these days .
well the proplem is not all in soulder of the young people some of the proplem come on the parent because they did not teach there kids to helps the people who need help or the disaple or have a dessis or something .

And the bigest wrong that parents do is buy vedio games for there kids and give it to them all time .
Well what do i sugget is that the parent talk to there chldrin and give them the vedio games on the weakends or holly days
I agree with that , as student I have to have concepts and an apinion .
Because it is diffecult to have a good knowlugde without clear idea and searching about the benefical point for example when you able to study at some unversitay in the U.S.A than you must have that you can suppurt you apinions first , I would like to explain my experince when I was in my countury studying in the unversiaty since than I was interrnsted to learn English as scond language besaid my own leanguage ; however , I coudnt learn it in there because I didnt have the idea to increase my skills such as speaking who I could speak English amang Arabaic speakers that is I think impossble , at the same time with the rest of skills , scond , as long as you have concepts I think you will be a succssful person ; therefore , you will be able to invastgate the facts .
Inconclusion , as student I do'nt deny that I should be carrying concepts and supporting them as much as I can ; on the other hand , I ca n't imagen that who say on himself student dose'nt have a great ideas brhaps that is g
According to the statement , there should be knlowdge on the academic subjects and should gain more knlowdge on specialize specific subject .

` I disagree the statement .

According to the passage there should have some knlowdge on other subjects , than the specialized subject .
For example take an electrical student his subjects are totally consider of electricity , powerstations , grids , capictors , insulators , and etc .. , if he has knlowdge o9n this subject he can move forward for higher studies .
If the subjects for electrical student he have material management , environmental science , and etc .. , wats the use if he gains more knlowdge on this subject .
he cant for social subjects r statisc r banking .

I wont tell that the student should not have knlowdge on this subjects but he have to know som knlowdge on these subjects .
If he gains more knlowdge on the specialized subjects ho will move on his course go forward for any compitative exams he will perform good and he will get score in that exam and he dont want to jump into other banking exams .

And he keep his intrest on his specialized subjects rather than his the unspecialized subjects , he will becom topscorer i any xams and he might be famous all over the world and he is king of all continents .
if he worked same for the board knlowdge of many academic subjects as well as specialize subject he lost his much time on the board subjects .
If he spent that time for specialize subject he gain more knlowdge and he can score top in that subject and he can be school first for ever .

From conclusion i give message that keep knlowdge on the boared subjects , but dont neglect that subject and keep hard working on the specialize in one specific subject for more knlowdge .
Many people today use cars for transporting , going shopping and etc .
As the society is developed , people use car more and more .
So I do not agree that In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today .

First , many people who have not car will buy a car when they earn a lot of money .
As world economy is increasing , many people will have money which could be used to buy a car .

Secondly , in the future people will like traveling more than these days .
Then , people need a car .

In conclusion , I believe that there are many cars in the future .
I 'm totally agree with this statement .
This is a problem which is always more frequent in the last time .
This is for differents reasons : the first is that today the advertisements are much common then before .
We can see and hear it everywhere , not only by the normal medium which the television or the radio .
Looking a sport match , or simply taking a walk on a street we will notice that the numbes of advertisments is visible increased .
And if there are always more pubblicity , the corporations who made the advertisements are in a strong competion with the others corporations who made the advertisement for a similar product .
This Competition are the main reason who move a corporation to tells lies about his own product .
In this way they wants to convince the acquirent to buy a product who should be positively different by an other from a different corporation .
The ones who could trying to stop this process are the customers .
In the last fifteen years several customers association are born to to contrast every form of unreal illegal advertisements .
That is a really good question because today , the academic system permits the choice between a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and specilization in one specific subject .

The choice can be depend on the future of the person who have to do this choice .
In fact , according the job who decide to do , it is better to do one choice or the other one choice .

For example , when you decide to become a lawyer , the best choice is to specialize in one specific subject because it is a really specialize job and it is difficult to something else in the same time .
So a really good knowledge is necessary for doing this job .

But if you decide to become a manager , this is different .
In fact , you must to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
For doing this job , you must be good in many subject like the management , the marketing , the relationship , the comptability or the law ...

That is why , having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is really necessary .

So , if i have the choice , i agree with it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

But , i think that it is important for several jobs that the knowledge is really specialize because it is impossible to know everything and it is more safe to concentrate his knowledge on only one subjects .

So , like I said in the introducing , the choice must be depend on the job what would like to do .
Commuinities are essencial for all humans .
I would have to say that the majority belongs to some kind of community .
Belonging to a community will sometimes support us whenever we are having serious truble .
Therefor , if we want to maintain such communities , we must extend the importance of the communitis to ypung peaple .

It is not always the young people that are not helping enought but also the adults .
The adults must show an ideal modol to there children leading the community and be able to pass it down to the young people .
For exaple , teach your children how important it is contributing to your commnity .
As a result , young people will obtain what they have learnt from their parents and maintain the communities condition .

Helping your own community will also unite the community .
In modern days , terrists are causing serious problems .
If we are able to unit our communities , we will be able to prevent such act
In my point fo view the successful people try new things risks rather then only doing what they already know .
So meny people like successfull men 's or women 's there are will at studes and jobs there are coming from good background at studers and envornment .
They think about what .
why , how and so and so question .

The people like Will at studes and think in different way the people the learn new thinks .
They want to learn think 's for usefull so they want to learn new think 's taking risk rather current .

For example take take on Software proffeson .
For example he is working Java technology .
He is good at java and successfull working on java , But in that some new things are add to the Java Technology for example Swings , hiber net .
It is uses full for the next Project .
So that person learn that things taking the risk rather tan the doing what they alresdy .

Successful people try new things for developing thre future .
For Second example we take music payers they work at some instruments only , But they want learn the new things in the music .

Thay tearn the things taking the high risk then the doing things .
I thing that the person is successed that is He or She taking the risk on that what they do and doing things .
So many Successful people Successed By taking the risk and interst in thar pariclar takes .

So meny Risk and hard work give the so much result to the humen 's .
We agree with the statement .
life without concepts is meaing of death .
it is very important for students to discover the world around them by learining true concepts .
There are three common benifets of that .
first is to gaive chance to have apece world since there is common agreement on that concepts .
we have notce that after the foundiation of the international orgnization in many aspects such as , political , health and social the quality of life has been improved secound it improve sentific movment since it has bult on the base of ideas and knowled finally it is protection of the waild redical ideas which control the socites if there is no fair jujment in my opinion facts will be result of what we belive on
In ancient korea , there was country called Cho-sun .
The king of Cho-sun , SeJong , said that knowledge gives people to live with a fortune , and hope .
But knowing many knowledge , but just half of it is worths nothing at all .

The world we live in now , information and speciallity became the most valuable item to get a job or success and get lots of money .
If a man who have broad knowledge of many academic subjuects , He sure will be having not much problem to live and he probably wo n't get stuck by some kind of problem .
But if its me ?
I would rather gamble my life to become the best not just middle .

Having a sepcific but deep knowledge about one subject .
It can be very dangerous thing .
He should worry about even he is specified about that knowledge , what happens if the world , the society thinks that that subject isnt that usefull and not important .
Because he is speicified to it , he could not be able to get a job leaving that subject .

But , Like this days he is specified in a subject that is so usefull in this world .
He will be welcomed by anyplace that he goes , and he will get lots of money and people would see and get to him closer .

What ever people chose , I think that a man or a woman should have faith on the subject that they like and want to know about .
And with out a doubt keep going on within that subject .
I disagree with this opinion .
It is better to have specialize in one specific subject .
There are two reasons to support this idea .
First of all , if man have specialize in one specific subject , it will become a strong point to get a job .
Almost all of the companies want to get a man who have been educated more specialized .
For example , a doctor , a pharmacy , a car mechanical or system engineer .
They required a good skill , so they will study one specific subject at university or college for about 4 or 6 years .
If man do n't study such skills , it become difficult to get a job .

Secondly , it is efficiently to specialize in one specific subject .
Studyng something and knowing something are not so easy .
While studying we meet some quetions .
Sometimes it will take long time to solve these problems , so we continue to study and then we can find conclution .
For example , if man
the bwst way to travel is in a group led by atour guide .
I agree with that for many resonse .
if there is a tour guide the group will be on control , there will not be any fight about the rode , and he will be the best known of the way .

first , if there is a tour gide the group will be on control .
He will control the stops by diside how much stops should they have and how long , and where should they stops .

second , there will not be any fight during the tripe .
they not have any space for each one to give his opinion about the way and which one is right and which one is wrong .

third and the last , if they have a tour guide he must be the best known about the way .
He must be know which way they have to go .
he must know which way is right and which way is wrong .
He have to realize which road is dangures and which way is not .
And also he have to be good known which is long way and waist there time and which way is short and save there time IN conclustion , traviling in a group led with tour guide keep the tripe sweet and safe .
It keep the relastionshipe good by no having any fight between them .
It safe the time by going in the short and safe way .
And also be relax by going with person who know the road very will and have agood idea about the best way to get there with .
YES I agree with the above statement the sucessful people try newthings and take risks rather than only doing .
because the sucessfull wants to try a different thing to be discover even is it a risk try and try until that sucessfull work is discovered if we think it is risk we can get thing in these world for example the telephone is discoverd by the grahambell the telephone is very important in the daily life of the evary man .
The telephone is used for communication between the two users .
so if the grahambell think that is very risk to discover these experiments means we can know about the telephones .

one more example about the sentences is the television the television is used for entertainment .
In the television we can the update news and we can gather some important information .
one more exmaple is the computer the computer is used for sevareal ways these is very usefuls in office , colleges , restuarants and so on .
In the office it is used to store the records and some ionforamtion is stored in the computer .
for the computer we can give a username and password to open a particular member only .
and no body can open his files and cant watch .
one more exmaple is the internet it is used to know the any types of information we can gaher from internet and we can chat with the other people through yahoo messenger with the internet we can download the important information and we can apply the universities for m.s .
one more example is the digital calcutor it is used to store the information and the biodata of a particular person and we can save the inforamtion in these .
Now a days mobiles are very important in the dailylife every one is using these mobiles these is used for communciation and storing some important inforamtion and telephone numbers and even we can save the songs and we can listen and w can watch the movies in mobiles in the mobiles there is a internet also we can get any type of inforamtion from the mobiles so finally we can sucesss everything untill we can suceess so sucessfull people will try new things even its risk finally Try and try untill u sucess is my philophosy .
In my opinion I agree the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialize in one specific subject .
There are some reasons to below .

The most impotant reason is people go to the university is for to absorb and expand knowledge .
the more knowledge one possess the more opptunity will have .
For instance , the gradu students from the intergrate university will have more opptunity to get the job because the intergrate university provide many academic subjects .
So the student have more knowldge and skills than the student who just have specialize in one specific subject .

Another reason is with the pluramiu society requirement everone need to have a broad knowledge .
Someone who in the company can have the high star payment if they

Finally , if someone have no a broad knowlegde , just specialize
In my point of view i agree that people should have the risk in trying new things instead to doing things in life that he/she is used to doing .

If people dont try doing things that they are not used to do they will never learn in life .
Life changes life will never stay the same so you have to go out and see what is going on around the world , dont be shy to ask people things that you dont know other wise you will never learn , never feel imbarased to ask becasue people also did not have a clue what they are doing before asking and looking up in book , internet or magazines .
If there is things in life that you dont know and you have asked several people about it and they still not know never give up about it , act ast it was a challange to you , if you do n't fight and work hard and ask people any time you go and look up something else and you ca n't find it beleive me that you will never find out anything in your life .
Life is tuff but you have to be tuffer .
Well I think this is a good thaught .
Now i [ m studyng MKTG .
and I [ m seeing this things .
If you have a product is very iportant to have a bigest a great brand and advertising , because sometimes you have a product but you go out aand oyou see that some enterprice have the same product and his product is much betta than yours .
So you have to have a very good kind of Brand an also a great MKTG .
tHE THING YOU SHOULD DO IS CREATEAN IMAGE TO RESPONSE TO THE OTHER ENTERPRISE and also you have to check a good quality of your product .

The most of the time the prodcuct that you have is not the best , but you can make the best if you have a great MKTG .
Lets thing about STARBUCS example , STTARBUCKS is not the bes coffe shop around the world but they are the number 1 why_

They havesomething that the other do no have asdn this is , mktg .

The make a new have to drink coffe and they ar focus to some sector of the econmy ..
Class AB > > > RICH PEOPLE AND MEDIUM PEOPLE

Now we can see when starbucks has not the grat coffe but the crate somethingto thepeople that name is NEEDS .

Also we can see with ABERCROMBIE AND FITCH here in Mexico .
We can not buy A AND F because we do not have a store .
Only the people can travel outside the country .
And if the are a rich people can buy there .
So this people came to Mexico and they bring this clothe and also if the sell some cloth3e areso expensive .

This is why I say that sometimes the MKTG is more important to sell one product ..
In present days , young generations are tend to do not spend their time for society .
It is gives from individualism community .
And I also participate in this case .
And my frends too .
In more detail , I 'll give my opinion about this situation , and what makes young guys to like that .

First , the individualism is increasing more and more because we are living in democracy society thet makes we to survive with each other , and we have to be winner , so eventually we can get more better job , choose more developed many options .
so we do not have much time to spend time to community because compete and improve by self .

Second reason is the generation is getting devide .
Old generation and young generation .
Each part have to make good relationship but getting worse .
because individualism make us to having less respectation .
So Young generation think do n't need to help old people although they are much more weaker than us physically .

Third , The government is seemingly not respective .
So young people think that we have no goods from goverment .
It makes us to helpless person .
In mass media , we can see easily about governments bad things .

We are living in very fast alternative society .
And it is specific that young generation will be get old also .
Than we also ca n't
yes , ibetter many knowledge of many academic subjects , for example , ihave BAin fine arts ( plastic arts , and MA in educational teknology , and MA in fine art , and i hope get MA in political sience , and PHD in fine art ( sculpture enviromntel , because this subjectes is very important in our life , and healthy knowledge is important to our health , the education knowledge important to bring our chield , and fine art in our home and office and our selfe , ihope collecte semple knowledge of all sience , skils , and academic subjects .

realy ihop that , because i want give to humanity all helpe , iwant to you , if you can give to human help , do it and not stop , do it in your knowledge .
actually i 'm agree with the statment beaucause when everybody travel with nothing so much people gonna say do this or do that , it 's gonna make you a litltle confuse , they can even make you go to the wrong way .
when you travel along with nobody i ca n't even tell how bored it 's gonna be .
If the travel is five hours it 's gonna be worst then everything .
That 's why when you go in group led i'ts much better by your self and it 's more secure too .
You could also find a lot a fun by chatting each other , you gonna have a lot of occupation to do and that 's for sure it't a lot of fun , no need to think where you goind , which way to go .
If you and your group travel at the same time you making some joke , you not even see when you arrive in the destination place .
Me i love traveling specially with my family far away .
One day my decide to make a trip all away to canada and the whole family was included in this trip , i think it was like five seven hours driving , that 's was very fun .
every two hours my dad stop the car , so we could get something to eat and it 's was a very nice journey .
Every body in the car was happy about this trip .
one day i whish i coold do that again and i hope i gonna be the same fun .
tha't why i agree with the following statement .
I agreed about that statement because of two reasons .

At first , I think the number of cars will be reduced in the future because of lack of fuel .
Nowadays , the fuel we used to operate cars has showed the bottom .
I think it will be disable to use in the near future , so we will have to find altinative things .
Another transpertation can be appeared or people can use more public transpertations than cars .
We could n't expect what will be the solution to solve lack of fuel , but expect the nember of car is reduced .

The second reason that I think is that cars can be products based on trend like other products .
When l went to Seatle , l saw an interesting sentence on a woman 's T-shirts , it was saying `` Computer is a Trend '' It looks like non-making-sence thing , but l thought it was possible .
Like computers , cars also a products making by a factory and following trend .
The color , shape , brend people prefered are always changed by the year 's trend .
It 's possible that people do n't want to have car anymore and prefer another more awesome products .

for these two reason
I agree that successful people try new things more important .
I think someone Who have desire about success are not satisfied one thing .
they seek another things , that is more attractive things .

Successful people have an endless energy about doing something .
So , they do not like a safety position .
They think that staying in a comfortable situation is dead , which makes them study many things .
For example , scientists discover many things .
Even though they earned much money from one project , they do not enyoy the money .
They get courage about doing something and proceed forward .
They find new things every day .
I think someone who have power about things are received from God .
They are borned with the nature .
I like Edison because he has not been edcated , but he did not stop studying something .
As a result , he became the father of science .
He invented many important , realistic , and useful things .
In spite of his successing , he invented another things continuously .

In my opinion , sucessful people like better a risk , adveventurous things , .
That is , thers is no satisfy .
So they work for new things .
I agree , all students have to understand ideas and concetps , because it is one way to learn about a topic , and it is easier for them to focus and memorize .
They will know the concepts in their world , and they are going to be able to put in practice .

I think it is going to be difficult to forget , becuase if the concepts is easier to memorize , they will practice evey day .
and it is going to realize evey day .

For example .

When you want to learn something , the firs step is to take a book or a dictionary , and you find out a world , at he beging , it is to be difficult but they want to undertand the meaning .

Another way , it is when start going to the school , the teacher write a concepts on the board , and they explain to the student , in their word , besides they use a pictures or draw .
All teachers are trying to explain the meaning and the goal for the teachers is going to be , when they know everybody in the class understood .

At the end of the semester , they are able to past the exam , and they are goint to get good grades .

At the end I think to know and understan the ideas it is going to be heplfull , in my experiecia , it helps in my carreear , At the begining of the university you have to memorize a lot concepst , the only way you can do that
WE FACE WITH LOTS OF PRODUCTS IN THE MARKETS FOR ONLY ONE PEOPLE DEMAND .
THAT IS WHY THE ADVERTISING DEPARTMANT DEVELOPED .
THIS DEPATRMENT 'S DUTY IS SHOWING US WHY THEIR PRODUCT IS DIFFERENT FROM THE OTHERS .
FIRST OF ALL THEY TRY TO DEVELOP THEIR PRODUCT WHEN THEY CAN NOT ACHIEVE IT .
THEY MAKE THEIR PRODUCTS SEEM MUCH BETTER THAN THEY REALLY ARE IN THE ADVERTISEMENTS .

FIRSTLY THEY MAKE THE PUBLIC SPEAK IN THE ADVERTISEMENT .
ALL OF THEM DECLARES THAT THE PRODUCT IS GREAT .
BUT THEY DO NOT TELL THE PEOPLE WHY IT IS GREAT WHICH WILL PERSUADE US .

SECONDLY THEY MAKE PEOPLE TO THINK THAT IF THEY DO NOT USE THAT PRODUCT THEY WILL NOT ABLE TO HAPPY OR LIVE ANY MORE .
WE , I MEAN VAST MAJORITY OF THE WEAVERS DO NOT USE IT AND ALL OFF THEM ARE HAPPY WITHOUT IT ON THE OTHER HAND THEY CAN LIVE WITHOUT IT .

THIRD AND THE MOST DRAMATIC ONE IS WE REALIZE THAT IT NOT AS GOOD AS IN THE ADVERTISEMENTS AFTER WE PAY LOTS OF MONEY FOR IT .
TO CONCLUDE , MOST ADVERTISEMANTS SEEMS THE ITEMS BETTER THEN THEY ARE IN REAL .
I WANT TO WARN PEOPLE FORM HERE PLEASE TELL , THEM TO THE GOVERMENT DEPARTMENT WHICH IS RELATED WITH ADVERTISEMENT LIERS AND CONTACT WITH THE COMPANY WITH YOUR COPLEMENT .
Im fully agree with The young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It 's true because most of young people is so busy to helping out their communities rather than adult people , specially in korea , they actually live with many complicated thing for instance schools , and after school they most go to the campus , and study , they should go to the college at all .

I think they do n't even have their private time to spend .
But the valius ways , of course they have to concern with it , that may belongs to education .
Their definitly busy , but if in their heart , if theres a little concern with communities , they 'll help communities by themselves .
however the young peoples of this century is not that nice actually .
its up to themselves but ; in my experience , they used to think about their friends and what they like to do .
I meant , its just like an child who do n't concern the future .

For develpmental of good things is up to how do they think about it .
of course somes tends to negative but somes are not .
and Im not sure few people would like to dedicate their goods for the community .
thus , this problem will be better as much as inhavitants mind are grow .
however , most of young people would n't like to do something for the community , is the truth , but I hope it will be better .
I agree with this topic .
There are so many people and communities in this world .
Community is the one of the most important things in our life .
However , it has been changing thesedays .
There are some of my opinions .

First , I heard that the people whose age is over than middle age have helped their communities , since they were teenager .
It is good for human being because communities also helped them .
What I would like to explain is that childlen were not raised by only their family , but also thier communities .
Young people nowadays want to be with friends rather their communities even their family .
It sounds fun but they ca n't learn anyting from older people .
They have been losing some oppotunity to be mature .
Unfortunatly , I have seen a lot of bad news done by teenager on TV nowadays .
It means , the young people have been getting rude and impolite .
It is not good when they have to be independent .

As a conclusion , young people should have time to help thier communities , and learn a lot of things from older people .
It will be good in this world .
I totally agree the above statement .
Now a days every student has to understand the ideas and concepts .
This is very useful to improve knowledge .
If we can understand the concept properly , we can do anything easily .
Therefore every student has to innovative in nature .

Student life is the formative period of life .
But in now a days students can face many problems to thier classmates & seniors .
This is the main drawback of the student Life .
We should always help to another people .
In this way our knowledge will also be increased .
First of all every student has to prepare the time sheduling .
This is is the most important work in every student life .

Student should be idealist to every one .
First of all students prepair a notes what she/he has to understand .
Then we got a proper idea about the topic .
Once we can get idea , then we can easily understand the topic .
Student should always Maintain the time factor .
Because time is the most important factor to do anything .

Therefore a student understand the ideas & concepts .
Once we get good idea , then we can easily understand the anytopic .
So IDEA is Stepping stone for sucess .
Not only a student , every should must in innovative in nature .
If we can have a proper idea or concept , then we can easily sloved any problem .

Therefore `` Understading the idea '' is more important in Student life .
Most advertisements present us great products .
Advertisements use scientific explanation to make us buy them .
However most people do not believe it .
Indeed , we live in a society where speed comes first .
Virtual image is a perfect example .
Everything is made to gain time .
The way of life , inflicted by society , kills the imagination .

Advertisements create many false declarations and we can see when we buy a product that it is completely different .
It is generally always the same thing with advertisements .
The more a product is shown on the television , the more it is to avoid .
Advertising is made to earn money , consequently the product cannot be as great as it seems to be .
In my opinion , the speed of images prevent us from thinking and will cause the disappearance of human qualities .
I agree with this sentence , because of alot of reasons The first thing is that advertisement helps show the new products to peaple so they can decide to bye it or not .
For example i was searching for a new tredmil so i can exercise on it and decrease my weight , and i saw one that it is so unexpensive and verry effective .
But when ibought it i found that it needs a lot of personal power to make it work , the thing that idid not recognize from the tv .
In the other hand advertisement does not give the taste of different foods and meals , and just leave it to our imagination w hich makes our mouth watering and that is faraway from the real thing Finaly it make all of our dreams is possible by finding every thing we thought about before , but this is not true becouse we dont have the money and even the warantee for all these things .
In short i beleive that advertisements are a very powereful way to make people bye products and some of them reflect the real thing about the putchases .
the centurytha we live in changes and grows day by day .
tecnological products such as cars also going to a different direction ; every day a new tech pumps in our lifes and we try to cath up the new comings .
its hard to say the amount of the cars in twenty years but sure believe that our needs will go to a different directiothan know .
nowadays people are showing to much energy to make sosiety to understand thah we have to protect the futere to do that we haveto keep clean our envirement .
in a real sence we can say that cars are very efected on polluting air .
while helping us to get somewhere also helping the others not to be able to go .
one of the most important problem is accidents for sure everyday millions of people dies jus because of the drivers not being carefull as a matter affect i do believe that there will be less cars in twenty years but this will happen just for one reasen that we will use somethink else .
man kind will invent a new device to help us to transport we have to go so something should carrey us after this point more we develope more distruction will apeear .
before we all change the world hope to find someway to protect it firs .
if the population keeps on raising this fast there will be more cars than now .
in addition to all the thouths we can clearly say that something will be less in the future but i am not sure that it is going to be the cars .
whit right technology and right purpese we can create anything we want .
that should be the difference between us and animals maybe in twenty yeaars they can also learn how to drive a car but then it would made us same and we wouldnt want that happen
I agrre it .
I think successful pelple tried new things and taked risks .
Try is make a light of future .
But some people get damage after tried , but I think all success pople got damage before success .
They tried again and again and get success .

First of all , if you try to something and try to accomplish , you should get a lot of problem at the middle , but do not quit when you tired .
because you have a lot of chances yet .
New things did not try to everybody , so if you accomplish it , you could make a big future .

Second , look at the around who success people .
They do not say get easy about success .
They got a lot of wall and became a miserable then they became a rich or famous .

Third , new things could makes us huppy .
Now , we have a lot of technology .
For example , television , call phone , car , and micro chip that makes us better than long years ago .
If we do not have them right now , we can not live in this world .
In addition , thechnology is developing now too .

Im deed , I think we have to agree it , because you living and using in the new technology world , so it means that meny people tried and accomplish something .
Why do not dissagree it ?
If you try to something , we could get a lot of new things than now .
I agree with the following statementBecause all of these are risk while living .
for example I'am a food engineer .
I know food very well .
But I mus n't work in food factory or deperment of food in factory .
May be I am successful an other depertmant .
In my family my uncle is a doctor .
He is n't work in hospital .
Now heis working international factory and heis very successful person .
So I take risks to be successful person .
First of all you love your job or work .
when you love , nothing is problems .
Finally look at life of succesful persons , they take alot of risks everytime .
Althought , some people think group tour is better , the best way to travel is in a indivisual for me .
There are two reasons : freedom and flexissiveness .
First , In a typical group tour , we are regurated by a tour guide .
It means that we have to act as a tour guide demand .
For instance , if we want stay some plces more long time , this hope would n't be came true .
Fathermore we may be always urged in a harry .
Thus , we have no freedom in a group tour .

Second , we can make schedule freely .
We can put into many places want to go .
Moreover we can spent our time as we want .
And we do n't need to mind time and others behaviors .
For exsample , if you want to vist the place not famous which is not listed on the guide book , but intereresting for you , you can ask the place to thelocal people or ask taxi driver to drive us there .
Through this , you can comunicate with local people who are not conectted with any benefits and experience the way the local people ardinaly do .

Thus , I would choose
In my opinion Successful people try new things and take risks also .

In the whole world every one wants to try new things and some people only takes risks .
so in that risks some one will succeced and some one will not succeced .

Some people will try for new things .
In that case the people who had already done research in that one some people take that one and also study in that also .
why means they want to try for the new things .

Some people have the idea to try some things and they will do also but they do n't know how to keep that in a well manner .

In our world many scientists discover many things .
For example `` Charles babbage '' invented computer .
So this computer is playing an important role in every human lifes .
so the whole world is using this computers .
Many scients invented many things like Lights , Printing machines and etc .. , .
so the scientists are the successful people .
why because they had tried for new things .

So in my opinion every one has to try for new things .
so that we can gain more knowledge .
But every one ca n't efford for the new things .
why means for new things to discover lot of money must be needed .
so all will not have so much money .

For this reason the students or who ever wants to try for new things can come forward and they should ask the Government to provide some things .

The government should come forward and they must encourage the students .
so if they tried for good things the country will get a good reputation .

Finally those who are talented they must come forward and they have to use the resources what they had .
so that he wil be in a good position .

I agree with this statement .
successful people must try for new things and they must also take risks .
In thse days with out risk nothing can be done .
Ideas and Concepts make one student perfect .
Understanding the ideas and conecpts are much important than understanding them through the facts .
I agree with this saying that student should understand ideas and concepts .
These ideas and concepts makes one student get succed in his future than just understanding them in the form of facts .

Ideas and concepts are important , if we take a example in acedemics , as to understand any subject in his acedamic the student must be with his basic concepts and the point in with it is explained nd the basic idea for that subject and he must be aware of all the concepts in that subject where as if he goes through the facts he may not cover with all th concepts and he may not have the grip and that formness that he had when he is with the ideas and the concepts , so understanding the ideas and concepts for a student makes him have more ability to explain or to express that subject .

student who understanding the ideas and concepts this makes them to achive major tasks like if we take an example of any experiment in sciences that student should know all the concepts to do that experiment like take example of a frog if the student want to experement a frog he need to know all the respiratery organs and how its lives in water and also on the land if we go just by fast that it can live in water and aslo on land that is not sufficient to do experiment on it this may lead to the death of the frog so one student should have the idea when nd in which condition like at what weather condition it servive on the land on in the water so by knowing this student can experiment it .
if we take in the lonching a rocket the scientist should have many ideas and concepts like when to lonch the rocket it dosent on the fact that as the rocket lonches it goes in to the space and get every details this will not go as lonching a rocket have many methods and it deals with may concepts like when nd where to do this and how to deal with this .

Student can improve his mental ability by thinking much insterd of going according the facts shows , like if the student starts thinking much and consntrate much on his thinking abilityes he gets new ideas and in this way he can put all his concepts in these new ideas and develop him self this makes him 2 get succed in inventing may new new things .
like when newton sat under the tree he saw a apple falling down then he started thinking about this this made him to know about the gravitational force he did not leave this to the fact that if a object is thrown then for conform it comes bak on to the earth he just started thikinfg about this and he got sudcceded in kowing about this .

If we consider in other fields like in business if he leaves his business to the facts that he get profit if he sells this may also lead him to get the loss so if one have the idea and concept about that selling of the product then for sure he will get succeded in that stream and he will be with the profit .

In this way i strongly belive and suggest that one student should go according to ideas and concepts than going through the facts .
It is a difficult question , but for me , the choice is clear .
I disagree that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two reasons ; the prevention of the reallity and the conclution of the reliable relationship between retailers and customers .

The first reason is the prevention of the reallity .
It is based on the situation that customers ordinally make a judge from the advertisement whether they buy it or not .
I think advertisements should be besed on the products .
The role of the advertisements is telling customer what the products rally are and what points are distinguish on other products .
The advertisements should be neesded the reallity of the products .
The second reason is the construction of the reliable relationship between retailers and customers .
The advertisement explains about the product , so the custmer can buy it without anxious .

Those are my opinions .
Thus , I disagree the following statement .
Yes , this right .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , because most products think they are better than the other .
Like two people play a game , some times , the loser will think the winner does n't better than him , just because he was lack .
Even the winner win the game so easy , the loser think the winner just same leavel to himself .
So they always think themself is better , so they would n't listen to any body .
They think they are always ture , becaues they are better than the other .
Yes i agree that the young people enjoy life more than older people .
Because the young people they have more energy to play , to do many things , to live their life not like the older people .
They already enjoyed there life when they were young .
And the older people dont like to do anything because they get tired fastly .
Some people think it is for them to learn fact , but others think it is more important for students to understand idears and concepts personally , I agree this is very important to studants .

Among them many reason , the most important is that students develop their technology and ideas .
It is better that the students have more deep thinking and responsibility .
Forexample , My cousin is 12years old .
Although he has many books , he do n't understand many part exately math .
So his mother bought one book about understand idears and concepts .
he enjoy the book and always try to understand anything .
Right now he like math .

To conclusion , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
What is successful people in the world ?
Some people thinks that scuessful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already konw how to do well .
Although the points is agreed .
However , in my opinion .
I had a different definey about `` successful '' the word .

Firstly , Successful people comes from work hard .
Work hard is very important in the factory and other places .
For example the people work as dotctor , when he would make an important operation .
if he did not carefully make operation , as a result maybe led to a person lost his life in the hospital .
Thus the work hard is very significatin words in the succeesful people .

Seconldy , Successful people will never says give up or no the words .
And they likes adventure and get a chance in the world .
Just likes famouse businessman .
he makes a soft and hardsoft in the early .
Throught making a soft and hardsoft he win the money and respensiblt .
He konws get a chance and adventure in the new worlds .
So he becomes a successful people .

Lastly , Successful people konws plans to do .
lots of people has a plans to do in the toromrrow .
however , some people could to do it
First of all knowledge is very imprtant to every body adults or even children , so we should know about genaral things in our life , but my answer if i do i agree or not , i disagree .

when you ask me why i choised this one , i will tell you that it 's true to know as much as you can and take knowledge but when you take just one thing and fouces on it bileve me yoy will do good work .

So taken one thing and fouces on it will make you not like every body you will be jenouse becouse you will appear your self and will shine .
For example : if some on has gradute from collige in one subjects like medicen , this person took almost like 8 years stadied which he want to work and make the help his \ her country after finding good job .
Moreover the person when get this sutition that 's clue for this person and starting his life and making the others thing like family children , and how he \ she will think about how to have up deagre or leavel to prove his \ his self .
Espeacilly in this time knowlege its very iportant things in our life as i said .
Finally this was my opinoion .
According to a friend of mine , the main difference between the french academic system and American one 's is about the knowledge .
Indeed , the french prefers to study a lot of subjects until university whereas Americans have the possibility to choose the specialisation quite quickly .
In my opinion , to be specialized in one specific subject can be really interesting .
Actually , the person is really performant and it can be benefits for the firm .
And sometimes , this specific subjct is really difficult and searched .
This job can worth a lot of money !

however , I definitly prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic .
First of all , we know many more informations about the world and it could be helpful to have an overview .

Then , for a future job , it could be better to know several things and choose the one where I am the best .
Moreover , if , I quit my job for differents reasons ( employmemts , personal problem ... )
I will be happy to have others qualifications in my resume .
For instance , actually , I am in a business school and we learn manys things .
When I chose my subjects I chose a third language , Italien .
I really think that , in the future , it will be better to understand 3 languages instead of only one !

i will give you another exemple .
If you have an ability , that is good !
But do n't lay on it !
in this world , there qre so many things intersting , if we had the chance to study let 's do it !
that is the best opportunity in life !

To sum up , the specialization is great but having a broading knowledge give us the best chance in life for our future carriers !
I agree in this following statement .
In twenty yeas no body knows what will happen to us .
Maybe there will not be any cars or may be there will be more cas than we have right now in our time .
There are many stuff in the world that has not been discovered yet .
And no body nows about them .
In my point of view there will be many discoverings will happen that maybe more than the three fourths of the worls wo n't believe that this is discovered .
i would like to be there in that time and also whants to do stuff that i never dreamed of doing with these new discovered stuff .
I suppose that instead of cars , in twenty years there will be cars that could fly .
If that happens i would like to live and see that before i die and also like to try it also .
I agree that students should understand ideas and concepts , because if they learn the concepts they will be familiar with that particular topic .
And they should also develop the ideas it is also as important as concepts .
Nowadays , if we have concept we are easily getting jobs .

For ex .. , if a student do his lab work in particular experiment and which is also important for his theory examination if he do his experiment with concentration and with concept then if that particular question comes in the theory examination without preparation also he will be able to write that question .
If he goes for any interview by chance if he ask about that particular topic he can easily answer that question eventhough if he asks in depth also that is the main advantage of concept .

The ideas are not knoen when they come to our mind but its better to develop from our childhood by getting ideas only many people are succeding .
For ex. , one of my friend like to drive cycle and he thought that everybody are riding the cycle but i have to drive in a different manner .
He thought lot but suddenly he got an idea to drive cycle with scating shoes then he brought the rope and he tied it to the handle with balancing the cycle he use to drive the cycle , then slowly he developed by riding on bikes he is now succesfull in that .
I gave the ex for such idea he got and he entered in to the `` Gunniess book of world record '' and all the friends and family members were very happy because of that idea now he became vaery famous thatwhat idea is important .

I conclude , that if concept and ideas are developed that we will make the person to in huge hights .
A person may definetely get job if he concept but it may be late but he definetely get job .
Nowadays companies are looking for the people having concept .
If suppose we dont get jobe but using our ideas we can earn better salary then person earning through jobs .
During my life I made many social work to support my community .
I think that I can disagree with the statement : `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' because i 'm a young person and i do its .
But I kown that this statement is truth in many communities and in many group of young people .
Infact many young people do n't make nothing to help or to support their communitie .
This situation is because they do n't feel part of their communities .
For example if a young person changes his home many times he ca n't feel a part of a community and i understand that is difficul to help some unknown thing .
also because if you do n't know a thing you ca n't imaginate of what this thing need .

Sometime young people are criticated by their communities and so it very difficult that young people want help them .
Sometime young people have really too many things to do .
For example school , sport , work ...
and they have no time for social attivities .
I think that is very important for a young person make some thing for his community because in this way he can feel able to help some one .
I agree the idea about young people enjoy life mor than older people do .
There are several reason why i think that .
The first reaonson , the young people are not the responsability than older people .
May be older people have children .
All the people know that there is not easy to educate children .
All the time he try to give a very good condition for life .
The second reason , the young , her aims is to go to th the club , cinema with her girls friend etc ...
and to get much experiences , so its very exited but the older people have passed this feeling .
The thrrt reason , i think the most important moment fot the older people , when they were young .
Because when you grow up , the difficulty of life incrase and also the responsability increase .
In peculiar , when you have the children , you have a new situation and new life .
All your past became souvenirs .
I brief , of carse the young people enjoy life more than older people do because it is logicaly and i gave these reasons why i thinks that .
Today , many advertisements are in the world .
Therefore , I agrree that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
I have two reasons .
First , advertisements are cheaper than real products .
It is because they are not real .
In addition , they are easily to make them .
If I could not buy real product because of money , I could buy advertisements product .
In China and Korea have a lot of them .
Therefore , many visitor to Asia think that they can buy many of them with low costs .

Second , they look like similar to real product because they mimic real products .
For example , when I have a advertisement product , nobody notice .
Paticular , young people in Japan want real brand goods , but they are very expensive , so Japanese young people buy mimiced products .
They do not care about using them , and they thik only visual .
For these reasons , I think that it is good that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Can somebody know everthing in the world ?
Of course no .
So why do we try know everthing .
If you think i have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
it means you do not know anything .
Because one person can not know everhting , you just know something about everthing and it does not work in the academic world .
But if you specialize in one specific subject , it means you can know a lot of thing on this subject .
Therefore it is better to have specialize just one subject .

I will give an example from the real world .
Why companies have a lot of section and their own manager ?
Because they are specialist in their section .
The owner of the company has a opinion for everthing but he can not know everthing so he has to ask somebody , who is specialist on this situation , what he should do .
We can use this information for academic world .
If you work on a lot of subjects , you can not spent enough time for every subject .
You can not know everthing for every subject so nobody will ask you some help for their work because you do not have enough knowledge for them .
They need specific answer .

For example you are studying material science and engineering .
You can not know everthing about every materials .
You can just know all materilas behaviour and some other basic things .
So nobody ask you something about it because they can find this knowledge everywhere .
But if you are specialist on the cast iron , it means you know everthing about cast iron .
Therefore if somebody needs some help about cast iron they will ask you .

As you can see , you can not know everthing for many academic subject .
it is better to know everthing about onething .
We should spent our time for specific subject .
I agree with the following statement .
The young people can have more situation for enjoy thieir life then the older person .
First of all , to school the young people can meet their friends on day and can play and study with them , two things more funny than work .
The older poeple probably they must work in a day and do n't have the same situation for enjoy thierself .
Second , the young person has more time to spend in a play then the older person .
In my opinion an older person do n't want play with his friends because does n't have any time .
Third , the young person is free to do all thing that he want .
He is free to jump , is free to smile and is free to follow all of his behavior .
The older person ca n't do it because in a particula work situation he must have a particolar behavior .
For example in office , the worker ca n't speak free , ca n't sing .
That all , by .
In the world of bissnes the mony is the bice , so if you think you are doing the good idea you sould do it .
If you can make mony by ligele ways
I agree with partly , in twenty year there will be fewer cars in use .
Using cars past twenty years increase rapidly .
now these twenty years cars are not in use because of obsolence and out of fassion .
It could be true in developed country because of their living standards are high as compare to the developing countries .
they are prefer to by new one with more up graded technology and new fassions .
in developing country like india cars use after their life was expried .
These could happen only the economical conditions .

In developed countries like USA their car do not meet their requirement they simply go for another one , which they have provided .

India like countries most of the cars are in use after the twenty years .
Here the people living condition are low as compare to the developed countries .
because of the economical condition not allow to change their vehicles .
Now the IT boom has to give a scope to change their attitude towards their purchasing .
In India after IT revloution and MNC 's people earning power has increased .

Computer professional are looking only to purchage new technology cars .
It 's leads use of car is increase .
In developed country like USA is not big problem to maintain a car , even student are using car .
their get cars cheaply as compare to in india .
fuel avialablity are is there .
there is few disadvantages as well as advantages to use cars .
today every one use car and making fuel consumtion .
after some year there will a problem to face to lack of fuel .
we cannot give better world to our future generation .
now already exit the lacking in oil resources .
my suggestion to my view point is to make better life with effect environment .
using more cars will produce more pollution , please avoid the over pollution as possible as .
In my life I see a lot of time that products in television are better than in reality , and sometimes I buy products that in their advertisement are prettier than really are , for this two reasons I agree with this statement .

First when I go to supermarket usually I see the products that I watch on television because I am a very curious person , in the many cases I see that the products are n't so beautiful .
Second I understand that the producers want to make a very beautiful advertisement because they want to make a lot of money and for this reason I do n't buy everything I watch in television even if I like it so much .
When I was young I did't understand this and I bought every products I saw , for example when I was fourteen years old I saw on television a very beautiful advertisements about a make up 's set .
In television I loved it so much but when I send my mother to bought it and when I had got it in my hands I saw that it was smaller than in television and the colours of the products were very ugly .

I agree with this statement and in conclusion I think that a lot of persons think this like me , for example I know a lot of my friends that in their life had bought some products that on tv were be
For the last decades society has been suffering the opposite way of `` humanities '' conducts that were lived specifically in the 16th and 17th centuries , where people cared for others , for humanity , that 's why was created the `` Humanism '' .
The actual problem is the specialization of subjects that cut off the human relationships .
Instead of care by the person who lives close to us , we care more to know the reason of the molecular existance , for example .
What I want to say is that in the way we obtain more broad knowledge of academic and cultural subjects , we could be better persons in society because we 'll understand those who are the same as us and we also be capable to understand the problems we have as society .
It is part of an open-minded education that the study of a specific subject could n't bring .
To preserve peaceful relationships between different cultures , nations and between different personalities , as society we should perform educational curriculums that waranty a broad knowledge education .
Yes , I agree with the statement that young people are not showing up intrests in helping the communities rather most of them are intrested in other useless activities as far as concerned .

Many communities need helping hands to cover their problems .
young people should be their icons , but unfortunately they are not , added to that they take up a large participation in damaging those legal communities .

for example , their are many communities for old-age people , They are forced to live up in boundage houses wheir they lack their family sentiments though their children are financially sound .
Most of them feel it to be a burden to look after them and to get relieved from this they , force the aged people to live apart
.
Young people now-a days are more attracted towards the external affairs they are not supposed to be .
They are not sparing up their time to help the communities even in their liesure time rather they are attracted towards the entertainment section like movies , clubs etc.they dont even have time to spend on the communitie in which they live , they simply try up to escape from it as much as possible .

I think they shoud to be focused to the advantages and satisfaction they get when they help the communities .
The abase response to this , should be shown to them theoritically .
The matured quality in such matters shoud be inheritted into them .

Young people , these days are misleaded about the importance of the communities and their uses .
communities accumulate forms the nation .
They are a pride factor for resemblence .

finally , I conclude that young people should always approach the communities in a possitive way and help the communities as far as they can .
Helping the communities tend to help themselves in all
i do agree with the young people enjoy more than older people do .
There are some reason why .
Every year , evrey day , every hour , every moment , our world is changing and growing up to good way and bad way and time is changeing so well .
Thigns are so different between now and before .
In our world have high tecnogiy and good things better than before .
My grand mother and grand father telling me that you are so lucky more than me because your life is from now on and you do not worry about to eat a food .

i think that is most luckly for me and young people .
that mean is we can enjpy
Nowaday , rich and poor gaps in the society is getting wider and wider in around of the world .
I agree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather that only doing what they already know how to do well .
There are several reasons for it .

First , people who works on doing what they already known how to do well could get uniform money and can be succesful people as well but I think it is not really successful people .
I think real successful people is a peson who made huge money and everyone would agree that person is successful person .

Second , it could be risky but try new things is more chances to be successful people .
For example , Bill Gates , he was a normal bussiness man with normal salary .
But he tried new thing to earn more money to be a successful people by making the first computer and the micro-software .
By this product , Bill Gates made huge effects on Information Technology to the world and earn tons of money .

From thoses reasons , I think people should take risks and try new things to be successful people .
These days , people need more information and knowledge to live .
It is clear that having more information and knowledge is good to us , so many students who are studying at a university choose more than one major .
But I do n't agree that having broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than speciallizing in one specific subject .
I think it is n't always true .

First , we can not develope our view about some specific subject if we effort to have broad knowledge of many academic subject , because it is difficult to study various subject and corrently specialize all of them .
So we just know about lots of things , but can not be a experts in that fields .
In my case , before a few months , I was majoring English language and literature too , but now I 'm only majoring in japanese literature .
be Most people speciallize some knowledge while they attend university .
it is not enough ti
I am agree with the statement .
The facts will be when you go to work .
It s very important when you go to school or in the university understand and learn the concepts , theories and ideas .
This is the base to understend your future work .
The ideas will be to help you .

I study architeture to the Politecnic of Milan , an important universty in the north Italy .
Often i think is better to go now to work , why sometimes i 'm boring to study , and i thinks that these i study is not so important for my work .
But my father always tell me that is very important have the concept 's base of your work [ for instance the history of the monuments , sociologie , the tehories of the construction ] .
It 's true .
Sometimes i go with my father [ he is an engeeniers ] to see the built in construction .
So i can understand that all the thinks that i study to the university , i really find in the reality .

The big problem of this statement is when you is 15-16 years .
These years are very important for the future , because you have to decide what do you want in the life , what work do you prefere .
When i was 15 i didn-t like study .
I prefered other thinks .
In this years You are not interested for your future , you prefere go out with friends , play music or soccer , have a good car , have a nice holiday , ...
The study is the last thinks that you have in the brain .
Altough you are
Advertising is important part of selling for any products and also it has very effective role in capitalist system .
If a company want to be a successful in bussines life , it has to be use the advertising .

Altough important role of advertising , many promotion is not talking about the true .
First , most of advertisiments use visiual power of media and with out a doubt they have to compete each other in capitalist system .
But sometimes the compettion may overhelming to the real fact : product which is the most important thing in a promotion .
In the past years advertising and its conditions has been changed totally .
Without a doubt at th they are using more interacctive style than in the past times .
The companies whose job making advertise to a products use many diffrent way for do it .
For example they add to real and famaous person in the promotion or they start talking about each other , in every each promotion .
Moreover sometimes the promotion is not talking about the product , they talking about the other rivial companies ; thats all .

Second , people in U.S or in other country start to do not beleive that advertising is not compare honesty .
Because the advertisements use more unrealistics way in their promotion .
This promotion has beatiful and effective visiual part , but they miss the real point : the product .
They dont talk about the products and its favors , they tried to catch the customers in a diffrent way , show .

In conclusion , therefore the advertisements make super promotions and people realy enjoy to follow their works : they miss the real point .
People dont follow their works seriously they just like them .
And sometimes their promotions miss real customers because of missing to real point : product .
This is not a topic for a TOEFL test , but could be a final work of a master degree in law science .

But we can try to tell something also about this ...
In my opinion we live in a world in wich the pubblicity is too much important , comparated to wich it effectivly keep ...
In a year , in our crazy world , the big societies spend much more many for the pubblicity instead than for the safeness of their stabiliments ( and consequently of their workers ) ...
much more than for the insurances of their workers ...
much more than the development of the society in a contest of `` Social Responsability '' ...

It 's horrible !
But it 's our world .
There are many conseguences of this scandalous behavior , some of which kills a lot of persons every years , others that fired workers every day , others that make poor person to be more poor ...
etc etc etc ...

But in this tragedy , we , the person who not have a relative dead in a factory or who do n't have a friend who cannot arrive at the and of the month , we impact only on the face of the problem : the product and the pubblicity ; or better , the contrast between the product what we aspect to find : usually an abyss .

I do n't know what to say about this ...
It 's normal : propose something to the client and construct something different , is the best way ( and it 's legal !!!!!!!!! )
to reach much much much money in few time .

And we know this to be the first aim of a society .
My grandfather was always said to me ; ?
f you wanna swimm , then go to the occean rather than the pole .

At that time i didnt understand what does it mean .
But after many years , when I came in a big city and saw many succesfull people , I understood that ; curoisity , hardworking , good planning , and risk taking are common factors of succesfull people .

At first sight , doing same things seem maybe easy , compfortable and safe .
But after a while it ll be boring .
and you fell yourself probably lonely and unuseful .

On the otherhand ; If you are curios people , you ll decline to always try to find new things .
That makes you happy and ensure you selfconfidence which is very important of success .

But trying to find new things and curiostiy are not enough for success .
You should also make a good plan and hardworking on it .

Finally risktaking .
I think ?
ts the most important thing for suceess .
Everybody can work hard and make a good plan .
But too few people can take risks to implement in real life .
although there is alittle time for young people , because of the high amount of reponsiblities , works , and maybe we can say schools ( if they were not graduated ) any one can order his time and hime self to get the benefits by doing alot of thing in ashort time like studying , working , and helpeng their communitien or famillies , but with out ordering time the person will lose the ability of working well , the person will not have time that he cannot do any more works .

Ordering time is the best way to relax and to have time for every thing .
so , the person will do alot of things like finishing his work , then having time to study , after that he will have the time to see his parents , relatives , and friends and ofcourse he will be able of doing any thing with them , as what i had observed and saw from my friend .
he was ordring his time will .
so , he done alot of work that i was unable to finish , he was going to his secondry school , then after finishing his classes , he was going to work with his father , after that he was taking care of his brothers , at last he able to set with his parents and help his communities .
as aresult of ordering his time .

On the other hand , with out ordering time the person will lose time and he may lose alot of work , like what was happened to one of my friends , he was wasting his time , for that he wasnot able to see and help his communities .
as aresult from having no time at all .
he was going to his school in the morning , then when he comes back he was going into his bed , then he was wakingup from bed in the midnight .
so , his life was not organized .

in my opinion i think that young people will have alot of time if they organized themselfs well .
as aresult of that i advise every one to order his time forthat he will have abetter life and he will help his or her communities .
I agree with the successful people try new things and take risks rether than only doing what they already known to do well .
becouse ther are learn and try .
the sienctiest are try to be successsful such that one of them was discoverd the lamp in 1000 trying in tha last try he successed .
he said that I did not fail 1000 time I just learn 1000 mistakes .
trying help us to leane and improve our self .
The success will come with the hard working and trying .
So we must try many times and learn from our mistakes .
But it is not why the people eho do what they known are not success .
Ther are also success .
Whether people know broad renge of many academic subjects instead of specialising in one specific subject has been a widely discussed topic in the media recentry .
This essay will focuse on three prinsiple reasons why people should have broad knowledge of many academic subujects .

Most people need to work with other people after graduated , and many others have other backgraund .
The communication with others is affected by their comom knowledge .
Thus , wider knowledge help to make wider relationship to others .

On the other hand , if people do not have any speciality , it will be defficult to fined a job because many well-paied job required special knowledge .
For insetance , accountants have to specialise accounting .
However , they cannot work as accountants with just their accounting knowledge , they are also requiered good communication skill which is related broad knowledge as the above mentioned .

Let us contiue examining for the requierement of broad knowledge of many academic subject .
Although the specialisation is requiered , people should have many knowledge to reduce prejudes of other knowledge .
Some people does not want to know other subjects at all , they may have bias of the subjects with wrong way .

To conclude , pleople widely know many academic subjects helps
Yes , it is .
They cannot learn facts without understanding ideas and concepts .
I

t 's the logical order .
Because , facts will be modified and depend to the concepts .
For exemple , in Science , physically scientists ca n't do a new investigation if they do n't know the rules , of the fonction , of human bodies .
When they get the necessary theories , they can establish a hypothese and bring a proximative conclusion that they expected .
It 's like as we see the examination treated with mouthes .
If they seek a new drugs for certain sickness , before testing inventing drugs directly on the humain bodies , they will test on another animals , like mouthes .
And before the execution , they need to study on the natural function and caracteristics of this animal , comparing with its of humain beings and on the base of that , they intend to do pass to the next step for gain the best conclisions that they expect .

If you change the order they cannot noticifie of their failors , if they fail , or in the same time , they canot be sure that they will get the this conclusion in which way and for what cause .
For exemple , imagin that they invented a drug for the cancer , they test it on a suffer .
The cancer stopped to spread in his body .
Why ?
Nowadays , the world is changing so fast and so people are living busy on their own work .
They do not have time to rest with their family , and also their children .
Therefore , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

People are living individually because of the develope of technologe .
Young people are interesting and excited in computer by playing alone .
It make decreasing to chance to coversation in their communities .
Unfortunatly , they are far away from their communities .
For example , a long time ago , the young people are boarding when they are alone , so they plays with the neigborhood .

It goes , they are kind of freind and learn to what is community .
However , the young people do not care about their communities and they does not knows how to hepling the other people .

Changin of the world makes communities .
Apartments shows individual community verywell .
Because there is sperated the other apatment , it makes people has no idea of their communities .
It is really serous problem in this world .
Lots of people wating for other people 's helping , however , they do not interested in the others .
Young people have care them who need heping .

Lastly , young people are busy in their own work .
Because they have to go to school and also lots of home work to do .
It makes them really strassfull .
Also the world teaches money is best in important thing in our life .
Materialism shows person who is leader in their commounities .
Therfore , young people do not have time to helping theri communities .

In conclusion , nowadays , young people do not give time to helping their communities .
There are reason for that are individual life by developing technologe , a house , and the work .
Young people has no time to spending on helping their communities .
I disagree with this , becouse I think this is kind of lieing in bussnis .
If the advertisemeents make products seem much better than they really are .
Becouse in my relaginen it is not allowed for chating in all way of life , and chating in productts is also in the same way .
I think that this way will not be abale with the costomer or other compay will not comunecate with this advertisments company again .
MORE CARS

Cars are one of the most effective and useful innovations in our life .
Cars can help to reach quickly wherever we go .
When I was a child I really excited to see lots of cars around us .
In my opinion , there will be more cars than there are today because of some reasons .

To begin , Technology has developing for every minutes .
Companies produce lots of new things to help people , to make easier our life .
For exampe , everything has changed since I was born .
This is the small part I can see because I have been just living for 18 years .
As an example , clothes , music and cars changed .
Cars companies continuely made cars in every sytle in every model .
So people want to use or have new car , new style .
In 90's mercedes was really famous in our country but now honda 's more popular .
As you see It 's chancing .

In addition , population has growing up it never stopped and wo n't .
In every minute lots of children born when you think population you can understand that some facilities have to ready for future generations .
Especially cars ..
People need to more cars because of population .
For instance ; in my hometown there were 2 million cars in 1988 but now there 5 million cars .
Cars are like skyrockets in twenty those years .
As i write ; population is the one of the most effective reason that believe increasing cars population .

Finally ; We love to feel good with our house ; salary or car .
We want others good expressions .
Just want to feel proud ourselves can increasing teh cars population .
For example , I want to cars definetly old cars like many people .
I collect and speand my money for them for new and old cars .
Mercedes , Golf 's etc ..
If I have money I do n't worry cars population I just buy and use car my cars .

Summary ; Cars population will soar with people population and another reasons .
I believe there will be modern ; variety and useful cars but I really do n't know It will be good or bad for patestrians .
Nowadays the students are based on the believe that the know anything , they do not listen their parents , and a bad behavior is noted by them .
I think that students preffer understand ideas and concepts because for a student that is frecuenly a teen agger its better lear the ideas and develop that ideas and concepts .

In some cases the students preffers the facts , because like i said before students are teen agger and we have to know that is the basic of anything .
I said that are another cases because like she used to said my grandmother `` we learn of hit '' .
We can say that a student is know that he ca n't pass one subject he start to worry about and until this happened he is not really that he has to study a stay in class .

The facts in some cases are needed to , thats the reall test for the student , if he ca n't do what he want to do , what can he do ?? , for other hand are some students that are very applicated and they do not need the hit to understand the main ideas and concepts that a teacher explain .

When i was 15 years old , i always was the kind of student that know everything and that i can always do anything and i always believe that i was the better , one teacher , put me back on earth , because i have to graduated not happy , for all the work that i had to done , that subject takes me 2 years to pass , and then was when i noted that for the university i have to understand concepts an ideas and not hited me again like i did when i was a kid .
Some people feel that it is more important to learn facts than to understand ideas and concepts .
personally , i think that it is more valuable to understand ideas and concepts .

Some students , when they read something , they want to understand that article , while other do not .
so they konw exactly what they read how much they undersood .
they are not just preparing for the test at the moment .

My cosin , he has a habit of readidng .
he usually bring a book , and ask something to some one , he wants to understand the bood
I agree to the statemenyt that the in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The eveidnece , limited resource problem , new resnportation would support my idea .

To start with , we are having limited resource .
All cars are generated by traditional resource , such as fuel and gas , however these resource are scarced , which means there is limittation .
As the resource is limited and also depleate , the resource price will goes up gradually , and causes people unable to maintain their car or unwilling to buy a car .
Therefore there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years , becasue there is not aboundant of resource left to generate the car .

Lastly , the development of new transportation will contributes to idea that fewer cars in use in future compare to present .
The industry of create the new transportation is going on nowadays .
It is said that there would be time that each person has a plane of their own .
In twenty years it would be possible to see indiviuals have own plane , since there is a investigation going on .
As the technoldge developes , the new indiviual transportation made and would result the fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .

In the conclusion , I strongly agree the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are toay .
The ideas I illustrate would lead me to support the stament .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I extremely agree with because of following two specific reasons .

First .
using the car might be decrease because of economic problems .
If you want drive , you can recognize that your car wants fuel .
Becase of many reasons , oil price is getting expensie .
I think there are not many people to afford such a high price for driving .

Secondly , people who live in a big city do not have enough time for exercise .
I can see many warning copies and ads .
Most of doctors suggest that people have to exercise more than they think .
My university noticed that use a bycicles rather than cars or motorcycles .
School doctor also said to me that do more exercise .
Many people will join this campaign , and so many people use their bycicles instead of cars .
I 'm sure that this movement is not only processing in my country .

In conclusion , I 'm sure that there are many beneficial aspects by using car .
But I strongly argue that in twenty years will be fewer cars than today because of economic and personal reasons as I said .
Actually , I think that right .
The person who try new thing and take the risks is successed most the time .
I faced some oppertunality to enhance my situation but that was need risk .
And most the time i blame my self but that no binefit me .
Last try and risk to me is this exam .
I do n't have a trust with my self in the English language but i knew that if i do n't take it today i will lost alot of time .
That was about my expiriance but our life and with other expiriances the humanty start from the try and somehow with the risk .
Some of thier try not for help them only , but also to help the humanty .
I read Once about the Flying in the sky and i asked my self `` If there is no one have an encourage to try flying , how we can travle ? ''
.
There is allways an answers and part of answered there is a risk .
Right 's brother had the money , time , science and most important was the encourage to do that .
They take the world everyday around the earth to remember humanty that the risk part of our life but we must woke perfict to be successful .

I have a note .
There is alot of people take the risk and successed but also ther is people failed .
That not means `` we must rest and do n't try '' .
The experiance born from the failed and also try again .
But we must asked our self `` Why Failling ? ''
.
Surelly there is wrong may in planning , instrumunts , not enough money and also because we not trust with our self .
That will be differ from the successed people and Failed .

In my religon all the people from all the world must take the reasons ( science ) before start to risk to have a result .
I agree , becouse ther ars to many cars we uosed in the contry , when we uous the car there are poloson out of our air , its not good for oure breth .

I wish in the futher they come less and more good for as .
there are some sloshen for that like but some like a little thening in the car to less the poloson in our air .
The poloson is not good for as and not dad for the envaurmant becouse the ( CO2 ) , kill the fish and evry thning live ander wotar , also he brok the ( Ozon ) , then becom some rise sun not good for our sken .

We most dont use two many of cars and we most not thrw the garbeg in the see , becouse we wont to live a helthy live with our family and our friends , there are some boats thrw the oil in the see and revers it kills every theing live under wotar .
I hop , we will fewer cars in the futher .
also ther gas coll ( CO ) , when the pepoles brethet he colls to many desess and maby kills pepoles , that is not good .
I agree that It is impotant for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because the concepts and ideas are basic foundation and root ..
How can trees are survival without their root ?

one example , Many Korean students are good at Math .
some students practiced simple math questions repeatly without understandingof concepts .
they reapeat and repeated on the same or simillar questions .
they can get a good grades in elementary school .
but in geometryl , students who did n't figure out of math ideas ca n't prove the solutions how it works .

another example , I studied hard on Math when I was in school .
After 20 years later , the numbers which I studied have been just numbers .
I have I do n't remerber .
any thing .
Some people think that young people now a days do not give enough time to help their communities others think that they will give enough time for helping their community but i agree that younger people will give enough time to their community its true .

Firstly , In the community there is a lot of advantages due to younger people .
younger people think that the community shoul be good because they think that if community is good country will good if country is good they will be good for example the people who are base less means poor people are helped by many group of younger people financially they will maintain a small scale industry by prepering lot of small materials that can be used in our country and exported to other countries then it will increase our countrys fame and export that may indirectly or directly on us .

Secondly i can tell that the younger people are the persons mostly spent the elders money .
So many of them dont know money value so they wants others to look like them so they help to fellow poor friends they wants their friends to look like them but this case is not possible in elders because they earn their money so they dont want to put it in other people .

We can tell one thing that if any helping foundations are there in community which were developed by film acters and actress the most of the persons influenced by those are youth or younger people this is the main thing that is done now a days in my state there is a good actor who makes younger people help by giving blood donation camps and eye donation at the end of the year he gives the percentage in that most of them are younger people .

Finally i can conclude that there are some persons who will not help to community they are very less compare to young who will help so i can state that young people will help to community .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Whenever , I watch the television I always face to a lot of advertisement .
they keep give me a information that i do n't know .

first , the most important goal of the advertisement is promoting the sales .
How can they acheive this goal ?
they have to attract cosumer .
In order to see the information about that we need to see the aim of businessman .
It may be fulfiled by giving good information to them .

If they success for catching the consumer 's eye , it is evaluated very succesful adverisement .
most advertiser 's concerning is catching the consummer .
so it is no wonder that they inform their product very well .

Second , advertiser want to their product is showed diffrent from the other .
Studies has showed that people tend to like beutiful things .
They prefer person who is charming .
It is very important not only human but also product .

In my experience , I want to buy mp3 player so I gathered information internet and advertisement .
Finally , I decide what I want , then I went to the electronic shopping mall .
It was quite disappointed when I went to the shopping mall and saw the real one .
Most of all , the function that refer to the advertisement does n't work .

The world keep change and the profit , in particular money , which people make , is very important role in person 's lives now .
It 's very important role that consumer have an eye for determine and criticize many commodities .
Successful is what eny one of the world loking about it becouse if you think about it eny want to be success eny who have agob want to have a good selare tobe seccess that whay the seccess is an inmportant thing .

Ther are meny things to let you seccess like when you work in your gop hard you well have a beter selare I agree the new things to let you seccess becouse it let you seccess what ever was the risk but you seccess that why I agree the new things to let you seccess .

What let the people go to do a new things to seccess that is the question ?
I think that the people try to do anwe things to seccess bacouse the try the old things but they did't seccess then they go to try a new things to let them seccess

Some times I desagree this new risk becouse ther is't agood things like ifsome one open a restaurent and this restaurent did't seccess he go to take a neme of a faimos restaurent and but it in hes restaurent then the people well come to hem and he well be seccess .
That why some time I desagree the new risk .

The seccessful people try to do anew things to be the seccess that a good things to be more seccessful that agood things and I agree this .

I want to see to every one who want to be agree that he need to do his work slowly and do it good but if you some thing fast it 's well be not good and he well do n't seccess in hes life .

Lasat thing seccess is the best thing in the world .
This is an argoment very important today .
I am 25 years hold and for me very difficult describe my opinion obout the statement .
I am shoure that the opinion of the people is different obout this problem , because it is influenced by any factores and based to any reasons .
There is any example that rappresented the argoment .
The first is the operations of any group of persons .
The reasons of this problem explain in the statement are to resaurch not in the personality of the young people but to the parents of this boys , in the contemporany time .

In the hold time the young people gived much time to teh communities for the situation of these time .
Today the life is change , and different aspects rappresented the base of the life .
This statement is not applicated to all the young people of the world , but is indicated to explain the situation of one part .
This part of the yuong people live in the much more important Nations , where this problem is presented .
For example today the young people prefer discovery your time to view the tv , to play with the computer games .
This people do not give enough time to helping their communities , because for they the important aspect not are this , but the play , the friend end the funny .
Thus I egree whit this statement , but do not applicated to all the situations .
There are example that rappresented any different to this question .
In this time live not more young people that give much time to helping their communities .
For example the sociality service is applicated do not take the military service , with any young person that help all the people in different ambient and situations .
For the communities this help is important and rappresented the first aspect that
I am agree with the idea that in twenty years will be fewer cars in use than there are today for differents reasons .
First , people are more concerned about the pollution on the environement than years ago , and they see as problem that we have with the higer temperatures since few years ago .

Some people made the decission to use the car only for a specific and relevants situations .
They use the public transport to go to work , they discoverd that with bus or metro they arrive faster , and they above the trafic in many cities .

Second , health on sociaty it is every day more important .
Many people use a diferents ways to try to be feet on their daily week .
It is became more popular use the bike as personal transport .
In many european cities as Dublin , Barcelona , Paris ...
Goverments ate concerned and the are preparing the streets for people who use the bike .
Also it is a good idea for have less pollution on the cities and trafic more fluent .
Other people prefer to walk or runn when they go to work and they dont have to use the car , they keep feet without of cost .

It is a big descision when you decide to buy a car .
They are very nice and handy bThey are very expensive thing to have .
Cost a lot money the insurance and petrol , it is other reason for why I think in twenty years we will have less cars on the streets .
Yes , it 's all true .
In mine particular case I have seen this question because I come from a little city where there is a different type to think respect a big city as Milan .
I find my time for mine community because is the place where I live and I prefer to live in a community which I have built .
Many youngs have lost ours values .
That values which it has stayed of my parents and my grandparents .
There is one good reason : I think which the new generations are too vicious .

I 'm agree with the fact which the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because there is too things which it brings out the way the youngs as me .
For examples the drugs , the too drink , necessity of to have more simple moneys and the fact which there is n't a good social statement who it follows young people .
The life is hard but to give for the others mean to receive .
Young people have future .
I agree this statement .
Now I am a person who is thought young people .
I enjoy my life now .
May be I will have some problems in the future .
These troubles will cause difficluty that I can enjoy the life .
Now a days many older people have these problems .
On the other hand , young peole have a long future .
Most of them will live longer than older people , so they can plan many things what they are going to do in the future .
This is also means that If they have a trouble , they have enough time to solve it .
For example health problem and finance problem .

At first , ususally young people are healther than older people .
Helth problem is seriou and it aboid happy life .
In my experonence , my grandmather always suffer from her disease .
Because of this disease , it is hard for her to walk aroud her house .
She can not go to shop to buy food .
Unfortunetly , recently sometimes she can not go to toillet on her own abilliy .
She always says that she wishs , she can go back her young days .
Many Japanese old people say that how your health is when they met some old person .

The second , older people can not work , so they have to consider about their finance .
They have to manage the money .
It is stress for them .
However young people can work well , because they are fine .
they do not have to care about it .
Also It is easy for them tothem to rend money .

In conclusion , I do not have a serious problem that she older people have now , but I will have soon .
What should do is not only enjoying this life but also prepare for the future .
Therefore , I suppose this statement is true .
I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Because we have to use many kowledge in our life .
I have two reasons .
Let me show you why .

First of all , if we study only one subuject , maybe our eyesight will narrow even the subject were supecific subject .
For example , friends .
the other day I watched kind of documentary TV program .
A scientist had studied about science since he was elenentary shool student .
As a result he got a master 's degree when he was high school student , but he was always alone , no friends .
I think it is problem because I think frends are more important than academic kowledges because I can not live without friends .
If we just study inpaticure our school days , we will be boring man .

Next , If we studied many academic subjects we could consider many differnts way about some problems .
The other example , if we studied only Math , maybe we would be who
I agree with the the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people .
I think that young people have more opportunities to enjoy their lifes .
The older people can enjoy their lifes when they are retired , they can have a more confortable and relaxible life .
They have all they time for themself .
They can spend more time with their family .
They are not able to do all the activities that a younger people can do .

The younger people have a different point of wiew of the life , they do n't have a lot of responsabilities so it 's easy for them to act how they want .
The older people have to think about their children .
The younger people take the life easier but the older people have to think a lot before taking an important decision because they have a lot of things to care about .
The younger people have more energy for enyoj life that 's why the older people prefer to spend their time at home .
yes i agree with the following statement .
doing what we already know will not gives any knowledge .
trying to do new things will makes the people to learn new thing though they are risky .
with out attempt and risk we cannot get sucess.a proverb specifies that `` something is better than nothing '' .by trying something will be obtain something .

example , a scientists tried to discovered some thing .
at first he felt very risky and he is not familiar .
by trying he gathers some information .
and later he passes away and another will take off his work and continues .
he may discovered the thing .
but starting attempt he made by the person who had passed away .
though he is not succeded but by attemption he had first seeded for discovering the new thing .

all successfull people will face risks .
after taking the risks only they will acheive fame .
doing what we know will be safe but their will not be any growth and improve .
with out any improvement we will be similar a common people .
with out any acheivement in life we will fill bore .
doing what we know will not gather any experience .
and it will not be useful in lifetime .
trying for new things and leaning from the experiences will makes the life cheerful and succesful .
trying for new things will be hard at first but later we will get its fruits .

conclusion , trying to do new things will be useful at anytime .
it may not be immediatlt but later .
I agree with this statement , because I think that it is necessary for us to be more responsible towards the environment and this necessarily implies limiting the pollution our lifestyle produces .

Using fewer cars would be useful to for
The concepts of learnig from facts is moor importent than understanding thing .
practical observation is moor importent than theoritical knowledge .
byexperiance we can learn moor .

we can lean driving a car bu practicing not by understanding ideas how we can stsrt and how to use tha breaks etc. , not only in driving a care riding bycical .

one of the most importent thing is how learn maths with ideas or else with facts .
without understanding ideas we dont ge maths by practicing thigs that have more and more .
By learning facts we understand the depth of maths .
some time we can use tha ideas .
for example in my school days my teacher gave one priblem to find out the area of our class room i know tha formula for thar but i dont know no how to use that one .
After that my reacher lear to me how to calculate of our class room by taing its lenth and breath .
finaly i thought that with only knowledge of ideas u dont find any use .

when we are learning computer subject the manual give some information abouthe the computer and we can aderstand the basics of the computer .
at that time we have less knowledge about that but we learn from practies this is the keyboard and this is the monitor otherwise we have some confussion about that .

Thus we can undrestand the conceots of anything notonly driving acar , riding abycical , learning maths , and computers in our life everything is understood by facts or by practical .
successful people try new things because they dont what to do same as others .
they wants to do different compare to others .
when they do different from other they can prove themself .
when they can prove themself they get confidence .

i agree following statement because they can do different and they wants to prove different from others and they think different compare to others .
when they do some work they thinks they have to fine work in time .
but they will also get failure but they will try to get success .
they dont want to loss they confidence .
they will try and try untill they get success in that work .
when that type of thinking person they will get success they dont get failure word also .

when they think like this they can take risk rather then normal work .
thats the region i support to successful person but one think i disagree with that people because they dont think to help others and they will not encarage person thats the region i disagree to that people .

people most encarage other then only others can also do different compare to them when they support other people then only people can do different compare to them .

they already know how to reach the goal and how they can get success when they know how to reach the goal they can get success also and they have confidence on themself that the main region they get success in they life when the man think confidence on they work they will get success only they will not get failure .
they think like that only .
when we get success in over life over confidence level will also increase .
we know the way how to get successfull that the region i agree with successfull person .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
They think their own more specially than society .
First , young people nowadays enjoy many things .
It like x-sports , internet games , and playing sports .
So they think their own time , and they do n't like spend time to their society .

Second , they around individuallistic enviroments .
Their parents take them individual mind when they are little boy .
So they grow adults then they think only their own .
In conclusion , we live in a society on life time .
Likewise individuallistic thinking make destroyed our society .
Therefore , we think ourselvese that mind care of society is front do it .
If we have watching our communities , there is a lot of helping to need our hand .
It 's not difficult things .
When we spend to enjoy times partialy use on communities helping .
Then our society have more brightly future .
I do n't agree it is better to have board knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize one spesific subject because being specialize in many academic subjects means your attention divides to many academic subjects .
If everyone does just his or her work well then every work would have a specialized person .

Being specialize in many subjects means your brain and your attention divides many adacemis subjects .
Its harder to focus a lot of points than focus just one point .
For example the students studying double major in universty and they have two exams for next day .
They have to study both .
Then they can not study as much as their other friends .
If they have enough potential to get good grades from both think about to they study just one exam .

Specializeing one spesific subject is means you have enough time and enrgy to study about the think whick you are working on .
But if you are triynig to study more than one spesific subject then you do n't have enough time to specialize as much as the ones who specializes one spesific subject .

I think if every one does just their work well the world would be a better place to live .
Think about a person who is a engineer can he or she make a better construction than an architect .
No .
But also an architect can not do the thinks as good as the engineer does .
World has a rule and everyone has to do his or her own work and have to try to be specialize his or her own work .

Being specialized in a subject is allways better than being specialize in many subject because the one who specialized in many subject can not know as much as the think that the one who is specialized just one subject .
I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because when you learn a fact you do n't have any explication about what you learn you just have to believe and everybody have the same opinion about it

why it is important to understand an idea ?

because you can study the idea and be agree with or not in the case of you do n't agree with the idea or the concept you have the possibility to give your opinion , students are more comfortable when they understand something because that ' why we go to school !
when we talk about an idea or concept it means that opinion will be different between the students everybody can tell his opinion contrary to when you learn a fact. a fact is generally something everybody knows because we learn it from school or my our parent without really know why it is like this and not otherwise .
concept id diferrent because we can talk about and find a respond to a better understnading
lot of thinks people tolk about and he deasn t expect it .
in 200years ago people tolk about human can arrive in lune and now its a normal thinks yes we can have a fewer car in twenty years ago or more but is a long project and we will not verry surprise because we see that in lot of sc fiction film that he see a project who will be do in 100 years .

that the fewer car is a project whose i m agree with that hes increase lot of bad think we have in now days .
we will have a any expessive cars or lot of marke of them and emportant effect that we will have a claen areas no pollution in city and important think that we decrease number of accident and deat im route because the car are more sofisticate and more securities and lot of peace object whish save people and her famille and her body but they will one the one hande change meaning of people and her caractre to exbed these new tinks in the right place and the right times because people are mot very mindbale and think slowli before to do any thinkthat he should be able to practice .

in my opinion in people should get adveced and look at the future to devlope her self and to devlope her contries and to do an experience like a fewer car to get a stronger her contries and to change the world by a big construction like that we see it in movies a car flaye and a big spacial station and constuct machine who do over think in house and btrafic and i will do it to do some think who nevr person do it
Successful people try new things because a successful person always tries to be more successful by inventing or discovering some thing new .
Successfull people try things by taking risk .
Generally people get confidence , clout and motivation and professionalisms when they take risk to find new things .

Firstly , people who get encouragement will try to work more hard because it is human tendency generally we find this tendency in childern .
But this also a hidden character of adults .
It also works to my tendency .
I even experienced this personly in my computer lab .
once i acheived success in finding a program for project and i still try to find something new ..
So this also increased my level of confidence towards the subject .

Secondly , scientists are the great examples because though they are successful in their career they alway pore their time to invent or dicover new things .
Usually scientist know how to do well but they take risk to find some thing new .
Here sientists are increasing their profeesionalism at the same time taking risk for finding new things .

Generally people get clout when they are trying new things .
Many people will valuable appreciations from others for their work .
people generally dont appreciate all the for some people who dont takes risk and who always do the things what already know how to do well .
As there is nothing greate in doing the things what they already know how to to well most successful people dont prefer to do only flasy people will try to do to show there unreal adeptness .

In conclusion , i agree that successful people try new thing and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because success always independs on hardwork .
Now days , the spanish young people has another mentality .
I know a lot of people with my same age that they have time to helping the communities .
But also , I know a lot of friends that certenly they do not has any time to help .
Why ?
Because they has to study a lot and also they has to work to pay his house .

In one hand , the young people have a lot of fun and everybody knows that we can reduce that time .
And that time we can dedicate to helping their communities .
And in the other hand , a lot of people directly they do not think about this topics .
I think that side is made a very bad person .
For example , always when one of those , expreses his ideas the people of other countries tend to archieve all in the same box .

So , I think that it is a very polemic statement .
I think this is not goging to change with a statement .
We have to remote to the roofs of the people , and there change the mentality .
Also , the primary education needs to change in this type of child formation .
If you teach a kids that there exist more important things in the life than the money , the studys , or the work .
I think that the next generation they will grow in this aspect .
And the people will be more happy with thw others .
Nowadays , The advertisements became a cheap way to get what the compony want , most of the compony became so tickey because of the money .
So they used this way to get the money but all of that i agree with this statement because of many reasons .

first of all the trick the poeple by many ways , for examples a botato chips the realy large amoynt of the chips 1 leter the advertisement make it 2 leter when the person open it he false and lose the money this is one disadvanteges .

the first advantiges is the money , they double the many if they make the thing much better .
There is many way for this another examples bottele of juise if its tast bad they make thier shape wonderful like making it colourful .
Also for paying atinntion they can but with this thing bounes like free cups .
Third the butt it in hte front of the door of store to make the poeple see it even if it is not good

the second is to made the company foumuos by doing alot of things , for examples put it on the T.V ( broad cast it ) that way the company well known in the city then try to broadcast it in the hole world .

another reason is for the worker that work in the company .
If they trik poeple the worker well get high rises and larg money .
i think if the company dont paly th
Became a successful people is impossible if you do n't try new things or take risks .
During the life the people have to be able to find a good moment to risk , but if you do n't try you ca n't have the opportunity to became a successful people .

When a people have success in one things and he understand that he know how to do it well he is ready to risk again .
He understand that the right way is try new things to have more possibility to have success .

All the people have this opportunity but is important to do the right chois at the right moments , this is the risk .
Someone , when became a successful people , do only what they already know how to do well , but if they do n't risk again maybe the success can
I agree .
Young people nowadays spend a lot of time in front of a computer , TV/Videoscreen or with their cellphone .
Most of the day they are left alone because their parents are both working so that 's their way of entertainment .
Because both parents are working there is sometimes a lack of education for example following rules .
In former times when at least one parent was at home or the grandparents lived together with the whole family young people experienced a different understanding of social life .
Nowadays even the grown ups do n't teach their kids rules of social l
Nowadays , cars is very important and useful buy the humanity .
Its an invention who takes animals places and alows us to move anywhere we want in a limited time .
But in the future , cars will be used fewer by the humanity .
To prove that u \ we rare going to based in specfics reasons and examples .

In twenty years they will be less and less people who will use cars .
Scientificaly , the technologie is improving these days so we are supposing to create new engines more useful , more safety and more confortable .
For example , as we know there were no cars available to move on the water but with the improving of the new technologie they already created car moving on the water but its not for sale .

Secondly , since long time many governements are trying to reduce risks of pollution to protect the environment .
So one day petrol will be replace by a new invw \ ention more safety and secure for the environment and all human being in this planet .

Finally , as we know soon they will be no petrol in the world so we have to found other solution to replace this strong materiel .
In fact we have some cars working with gaz , but the problem that the gaz is putted in the back of the car and its not safe .
So when petrol will finished , cars will not be used and also before the patrol gone , it will be very expenssive and only some rish people will buy petrol for their cars .

In coclusion , we can say that in the nerly twenty years coming , cars users will reduce slowly and as we proved it technicaly and scientificaly by the world .
When it comes to a discussion about young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , in my point of view , I surelly agree with this discussion .

Young people nowadays enjoy in playing softgames or surffing on the internet , and so on .
They just live in the word which is just belongs to themselves .
They do not care about the people who around with , do not consentrate in events what happened in thier lives .
So , it is no reason to expect they will careing of their communities and helping their communities .

From a investigation about the number of doing voluntire for communities in this several years .
We know that yong people is decreasing .
From what have been discussed above , we can safely make a conclusion that young people do not give enough time for
Advertisements all ways make for exagiration , attraction and confussion the costomers than peresented the reality of the product , and Iam astrongly agree with statment that `` most advertisement make products seem much better than they realy are '' , for the reason above , First , advertisement make more exagiration that seem the product is perfect but in the reality we find the product is less than good , for example : one company produce banana juice , and abig advertise for that product , when I baught that banana juice I taste it then , I feel unable to take it agian .

Secondly , some companies make ahuge colors on cover of the prodect to attracc costomers , in the end I find the prodects are less in the quality .
Thirdly , most advertisement make confution to costomer that make them unable to determain the quality of prodect .
In the conclussion the advertisment allways make the prodect seem much bett
People its accustumed to travel with a big group and nothing is better than going with a tour guide for achive that .

In my personal opinion its depending to the place you go the desicion you may choose .
personaly i like the most traveling alone because it gives me a feeling of freedom that isnt in anywhere .
Id also like that because its the only way to stay alone with nature and with my oun feelings and thoughts .
Eventhough , it is important to recognized that going to a touristic place alone is not some much funny : you will may not dance with anybody , or you may not get out of the hotel .
on those trips im so agree with that statement .
going whith people makes you meet people , known other personalities , and the most important .
share with those who sharing that life experience with you .

in the other hand , a tour guide give you the oportunity of a payment facility .
you also have the security that those organizations give to you , even when you have to pay a little bit more .
when you are alone you chalenge with more problems , you have to respond for anything , so , as good it is it , is the responsability you assume .

finally i can said that in my opinion both options are valid depending on your point of view .
mine is clear : i prefere even all the responsability traveling by own way and my own preferences .
I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In our life the advertisements are almost everywhere , you can see them on newspaper , tv , wall , car and subway .
When you see the products on them , The products look so nice .
Everyone want to buy them , but when you got them , they did not seem better than advertisements .

The frist reason that I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
For example some advertisements on TV , they look so nice , so people will to buy these products , when they got the products , but it is not so good .
Thus some people will make more money .

The second reason that I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , most advertisements are made by a lot people .
They know how to make products better than they are really .
So people like to buy them .

The third resaon that I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , some products do not really good , if they do not make the advertusements better they will sale a few .
So people spend more money on the advertusements so they can sale more products , they will make more money than before .

Successfully when we know that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
we can buy some products that we really need .
Do not buy those products seem better on the advertisements .

So I agree with this statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It 's one of the most common reproaches that we can her among old people : `` The young people do n't really care about others , they rather look for themselves than helping others . ''

In my opinion it is true that young people spend too less time helping out their communities , but there are several reasons for doing that an therefore it is not wrong .

First of all , the expectations in our working environments have changed .
You have to do everything by yourself in order to achieve something .
Earlier generations did everything toegether to achieve something , whereas
oh no .
I do n't have any dates on the buisness car but I dont belive it , but I hope it .
Probably after tokio the world and the daily beahevior people must change .
The cars make so much pollution that the world is n't able to resist in this way .
Also the cities ca n't resisiste to all of this .
In some cities , for example , is made a law to do n't go by car in several days and to improve the pubblic services such as metro or bus .

I thik that in Italy the continuos oil 's increase cost is do to we do n't take the car every day .
It ' s all rigth for me because in some way we do n't take every moment the car .

Althaugt the car company make more and more new and amazing cars .
they are always more power and that they fire more than oldest .
I am ill when I see that every person has a personal car ( in Italy ) , and I try fight this going by bike and also I promove the bike .
A broad knowledge of many different subjects give you the ability to face much more situations , understand them and how they inceract , makes you more flexible and gives you a more complete view of the world urrounding .

A specific knowledge allows you to interact in the best way possible with one subject , but your scope is limited to it .
Personally I prefer to have a broad knowledge , because the world is n't a serie of sealed rooms , so the ability to deal with more than one situation is vital .
A too specialized competence laks in the whole-view , fourthermore it holds you in only one context .
By lauching fewer cars in this means that the socity of our country is leading so that the india country is developed more compare to other countrys .
By lauching a new car means first we must look at the desing of the , and checking the miliage of the because in india the petrol and disel are very expensive And looking the speciality of compare to other cars .
In that past twenty years the cars where not design properly .
At that time the cost of petrolum products are very less compare to this future .
Now the country has developed to some amount so we can buy the latest cars at any range .
This confirms that the past and future are opposite to each other .
So this kind of cars can be relesed at this so that all the people in this country are grow very much .

At that time cars are not used in this century because like that kind of cars cannot run in nowwer roads .
So it may create so problems in the road side .
So like that kind of are rarelly running in our country so our youth are perfering the new cars only .
By supplying this kind of cars means our country will developed rather than other .
This kind of cars suppling can be entering into the another country .
This kind of words are mean to all of us by supplying the cars throught worldwide so there learn some kind of kno
ln the world we have many category of person and ages so there are the young peopie who want to grow quikly and the older people who want to become children again but each category enjoy his life and spend his time on his way and we say that `` young people enjoy life more than older people '' so what is my opinion ?
l totally agree with this following statement because l think that it is true .
first , when we are young we have a big life and a long carrier to live besides we have a lot of dream and we work very hard to succeed them .
second , we can practise sport and enjoy playing with friends in my point of view it is more important to have friends when we are young because we can spend more time with them because if we become old we don t have time to stay with them but we have to look after our children .
third a young person an immature person so he can do what he want and enjoy life without thinking in what will happen after in despite his parents who don t think about theirselves carry and worry about their child and how and what can they do to give him the more cnfortable life so they don t enjoy their life .
so as a conclusion l think that `` young people enjoy life more than older people ''
some people hold a openion is advertisements make products better than they are superior to advertisement make products not really better in many ways .
other however , personally I agree with the most advertisement make products better than they really are .
In here I will explaining it is that why we chose adversisement to make some products .
it is because adversisement can make some good stuff .
and it is better than they are .

In this case I will use some example to support my viewpoint .
an good advertisement can make a good products .
I disagree with the idea that these days children do not have enough time to contribute to their communities .
There are two reasons for my opinion ; activety in schools and activety by government or communities .

First , activeties held in schools give childeren a lot of time to engage in helping communities .
For example , evey year in Japan schools hold a school competition .
Parents of children come together with their families .
They enjoy with seeing children running or playing sports .
They communicate with other families in that that competition .
In addition to that , volunteer actuveties asociated by schools also help children to help thier communities .
90 % of schools in Japan hold at least one volunteer activeties in each year .
In that activeties children contribute to thier communities .
Farthermore , in school children learn about their communities .
They have to learn about their communities and do any activeties for thier communities .

Second , activeties held by government or communities also give children a lot of time to help thier communities .
For instance , government also hold volunteer activeties in each year .
In total government hold twice ativeties as many as that held in schools .
Government and communities give children more oppotunities to help thier communities .

Concequently , I think young people have a lot of time to help thier communities because of two kinds fo activeties ; schools ' activeties and government 's or communities ' activeties .
I disagree with the following statement that is it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Learning means u gain some experience that helps to provide new skill for you .

students to understand ideas and concepts is not good idea because come to the subjects like physics and chemistry its not provide good understanding and concepts these subjects very difficulty to understand because this subjects very vague from ancient time .
Thats why students perform good at this subjects must be learn facts like must to do labs in laboratorys .
Then only students performs good at this subjects .

we all know about this one `` EXPERIENCE IS LEARNS NEW SKILL '' that means when u got experience that helps to understand ideas and concepsts .
Now a days technology brought up new changes in our life style and this impacts deeprooted in people use available resources in effective way .
Come the point understand ideas and concepts is no use with out learn facts .

Now a days , Students in essential element is computer its brought up considerable changes in they life .
when u r going to write a one computer program on paper then its understand ideas and concepts is very difficulty .
When same program performing in computer student can analyse easily and understand ideas and concepts rather than writing paper .

when i was in childhood my parents had a car .
Every day i am going to school in car .
that car drove the my father .
on day iam asked to my father i want to drive car but my father not accepted the driving car .
Because i dont know abou how drive at that time my father give driving manual for car driving .
I am understanding ideas and concepts on that book after i have taken chance to drive a car but i am not perform driving .
Difficulty to drive read manual .
Finally i am drove my car after a long time when i had learned experience about fact .
when i was studied in secondary schoo math is difficult subject to me .
I leann facts this subjec could easily understand now .

Inspite of several demerits of this choosen topic but the positive aspects give good outweight of choosen selective mode .
Due to this reason i believe that learn facts is m ore important for students .
I think it 's correct saying no one had to his goal without obestecals .
Any one want to reach to his goal must do many thing to win in your business and the life .
First , in the business life you will work hard for what you want to succsses for give must my time in it .
Also keep in your mind the risks are avialabe , maybe you will lose your money and you will be poor man or you will win alot of many .

Secanod , in the life every one hase his personality life and who want to be free for his life will resive many quastion from his family or from his freind .
They will aske him how you will compleat your life and with who .
This kind of peaple have expirance of how to deal with the life rather then other peaple who need some people to learn them how to live and how to deal with this hard condetions .
Peaple who want to be successful should know what they do and what they will take from them life maybe good things and that graet or bad things and from that shoud learn and understand from this hard life .
Every one should see what he do and learn also from other paople mistaks to fix this mistak in his live and learn other that proplems .
I t 's correct thing when you say Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
I think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
When I watching the TV commercial or magerzine , I was suprised because the comercials and real materials are too different .
And sometimes , I see the wrong information that says they have more effect likes bubble , I think that adverisements make products seem much better than they really are because when they did that they can get more economic profit and they think that they make good products so they have a good image .

First , When they make produscts seem much better than they really are , most people believe that and they buy and use the products so they can get more money and more economic profits .
For example , yesterday I bought some chips .
I do not konw exaxtly kinds of chips and favior of chips .
I choose one that I saw the advertise on the TV Because when I was watching TV , it looks delicious .
But it is not a delicious .
I think that customers buy products that was watched or heared .

Second , they think they make good products and good image .
But it is not true .
They make usual products .
The comercial is just showed that looks much better , And some advertise are appear famouse star or people so people buy the products .
But it is just comercial .
so do not allow the tric .

In conclusion , when the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , owner can get more money and economic profits , and they think that they have a good emage and they make a good products .
But I think that it is tric .
It is just bubble so if I am a advertiser , I want to do that do not seem much better and I show the real products ' tempt .
Breif news `` An adult man have been lost since 14 days '' BBB cahnnel How people enjoy their trip in vacation ? .
I believe that any tour must have guider to manage the members , his/her knowledge about the locations and proper time to be in different spots .

The tour guider considers as boss of that trip .
However , s/he can a sign a duties for each member of that trip in order to make successful .
For example , I remember my friends and I , went in several trips .
One day , the chose me as tour guider due to my awarness of the place that we intended to visit .
I gave an assignments for different people in the trip like , who is going to be the driver for each car , where to go and where to stop .
At that time we did enjoy our travel with out any obsticls .
A freind of mine told me a story , that they planned for camping in the deseret , they were group of ten guys , unfortunatelly , about two of his freinds did not follow the group of guider , who has navigator , and got lost .
The group were expecting them that they will go back home , but the truth that they died after three days of struggling to find their direction in that vacant place that have only soil and sun .

Although , the tour guider sometime could be a dogmatic person , but i beleive it is the most convenient to make the travel successful .

Finally , I beleive any trips must be guid by one person
I agree with the opinion .
These days , In Japan , Young people ( like elementary school 's , Junior high school 's , etc . )
have no time to communicate , to play , to exercise .
Because Goverment decided to do , Saturday is rest day .
And They said to all scholls in Japan that It must have special class which is called `` social class '' .
The class have propose to know human 's pride , role , and old Japan 's young people what to do play .
So , as a result five class decreased in a week .

I think it is important , too .
Because Japan has a lot of nature , and there is no enough food and things .
So young people always play wild ground .
They love playing .
And they thought a lot of things .
For example , like baceball .
They like baceball , but they did n't have bat and balls .
So they use tree 's stick and ball which was made by sand and sox .
They put into sand to sox .
Other point , they love wild nature .
they often go to the forest , river , ocean and etc .
And they found new discovery every time .

But These days , there are lots , lots of food and things .
So if A person hope something , Parents go to shopping and buy it at once .
So they do n't use their brain .
Other point , Human builded lots of building next to next .
So nature decrease more and more .
So children ca n't play outside , so they play play in the house .
And their body
I agree because tour guide is little expensive and I have to travel alot of people .
But tour guiders are has lot of information and I can saw lot of thing .
I can go some college or some musems or some shopping malls .
tour guiders explains very collectly .
I can travel some famous or population some where .
And I can speak lot of people and I can made some friends .
But some people are very dirty , no respects .
And it is better than travel family or alone .
For example if I traveled with my family it is spend lot of money because we live america not long times and we can not found place .
I do not agree with that statement , because in twenty years there will be more cars than now because of the people they will be more number than now .
For example if there is small family and they have only one car later after the sun or douater they will be adult should they have another car because they need to go to the university or the collage to study if it is far from the house .
Anyware if the people in the world they will increase the car must be to increase , and with dilatation of the building and in the distanse all of the people need the cars .
the cars it is very important in our life .
It is notlogicaly that we have all these streets and roods just to use there for twenty years .
Some countries did not develop enough to use cars proberly .
Therefore with the modern world the will be more and better injection .
i agree , the reasons are :

1 - if a person do what he already knows he would be a successful person
Someone say the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
And Someone recommand the best travel agency that own experience .
Of course , the oppinion correct some area .
But , If you think totally about the travel , you must go travel by power of yourself .

If you ask to me the reason , I can explain the resean .

First , when you go travel , if you join in a group led by a tour guide , you must allow the fixed time and fixed rule .
It 's not real travle , I think .
The travel is enjoy visit place .
If you always think about keep the time , you do n't enjoy to enoght the travel .
For example , in Spring last year , I visited in China through the Ha-na tour agency .
I stayed their for 5days .
The most memorised things , just guid 's always said to me `` Keep on time '' .
I can find good memory through some fictures .
I do n't fine good memory in my brain .
It 's too sad story .

Second , If you lost your thiking at keep the time , you do n't have any freetime .
Sometimes we travel to have freetime for own life .
The freetime help us to fine good feel .
It is so terrable thing that we do n't have any freetime while travel .
Maybe it give plenty stress to me .
For example , when I visited in China , I wanted to have some time for fine history place .
But , the guide leader did n't agree with my apinion .
So , I did n't have satisfy travel .

Last , the real value of the travel is find something by ownself .
Some times , it 's a knowledge or sotimes it 's a good mood .
If you follow the tour guide , you do n't any try to get a information or a knowleage .
It 's a important thing that processing prefare the tour .
Someone can get many thing , if have time for ready attitude .

So , I
When a young men grows helping other people , he will do the same thing during the adulthood .
It is an important thing that consent to value how a person is good or bad .

In modern society is truly difficult to find a young with a non-selfish attitude .
But the problem does not depends from the young , but depends by the way his parents have educaded him .

This is a big problem that in the future will carry us in a much more egoistic society .
If a father does n't play often with his child , if he gives only money to his boy , He does n't teach anything to his boy , and the boy will grow up without a guide .
The boy will grow only with the importance of material thing , not human values .

Instead if parents take care about her child 's education , and show him how to live with simple things , with real human values , and showing how they help their communities , probably the child will do the same thing in the future .

So we have to give a better education to our child , with more simple and human value , not material .
Only proceding in this way we will have a better society .
yes i agree with the statemet given above .
All the middle class people has going to buy a car in now a days because at now a days the cars are going very cheep and the banks are offering no interist on the some cars of very cheep .
so by taking loans of the banks and there are going to buy a car .
so by going on a car there are more advantages .
those are listed below
1 ) by driving the car we cannot fall on the either sides of balancing
2 ) during the rainy seasons we can rest our heads inside the car
3 ) in the laxuary cars of such as benz we can safe our life by protecting the ballons in the cars
4 ) when we are going to the functions the cars are to be very good startagy of the persons .
5 ) by using the cars a more than ( i.e more than nine members ) can travel at a time to go from one place to the another place .
6 ) by traveling from one place to the aqnother place the time may taken very less because the speed of the car will be very fast .
7 ) in the cars there is a luxury life and we cannot be very struss because if we feel not comfort we will stop the car and we will be relaxed and we go on journey .

so by this there are so many advantages by using the cars .
but the people of the middle class is to offer the cars by using the loans and there are going to buy .
so here there is a propability to grow up the cars in the forwoding of the fast twenty years .
so at present there are many cars and these are going to be on the road .
so i think that the cars in the froword twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in the cities .
Most people think that being young is beteer than being old and this need to be explaind .
Young people tend tobe more rational that old people , old peope have more expreiance that yung sters but on the other had thay are willng to take risk to descover new opertiontes that old peole dont even think about because thay care most about this securit and stedy income .
Whe people become old thay think defrently than young people and this is due to statisfation do to what they didi in thir lives whn youy were young. , also the pisicla aperence of young people will engourge thenm do ingage in extrems sports and injoy life better .
Explain the agree or disagree about the most advertisements make products seem much better that really are .
And written you opinion about topic .

To begin with , is important mension that agree the most advertisements products is better because you have the oportunity that select or seem that you like or want , Also , you have see the product that is better for you and have realition ships with the people involucrate in this situation .
for example in the university , in the different place where you visits .

Furthermore , this point too have disagree opinions , because is important too , that the people realize or make yours products because have possiblitity taht built , and experiment different experients , but the other reason is that they raelly your awn work and invent other products with help the more persons .

In conclution , I am agree that the most advertisement make product because the people to learn more types or experint diferent situations and they have relation with other persons .
But respect the person that disagree with the topic .
I think it 's better to specialize in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Today we find a job world that does n't wait our studies , our trainings .
Graduates are much more than in the ` 90 , and afterall they are more younger , the challenge in these terms are very strong .
The industry , the company , ...
the job world marks point on these : your skills have to be more stronger than a while .

We study to find a good job , remunerative and , anyway , that turns back awards .
Because of this , if all of we have broad knowledge of many academic subjects ( who better of others , that 's clarify ) , we certainly have more problem to find the dreams ' job .

In spite of this , if somebody has a specialistic skill , maybe he 'll find less work announces that respond to his qualifing , but surely he wo n't challenge , such as others with a widespread standard knowledge , too hard to obtain that work .

I 'm an `` almost engineer '' , I see every day on the newspapers , on TV , at my university how hard is today find worthy people : too many people have to broad knowledge of many academic subjects , too many people have to challenge on the same jobs .

This is my personal opinion on this stateme
Currently , advertisement became important intustry in the morden society .
Most of new product appear with their own advertising in order to announce the people product 's information and get people 's attention to increase selling .
Nowadays most advertisements sometimes make product seem much better that they really are .
I disagree this situation because these advertisements give customer wrong information about product and these advertisements can not bring company 's profits , too .

The advertisement what look much better than they really are give people wrong information about product .
By providing wrong information about product , people become to be confused when they buy products .
And then when they get the differnet product what they expecte , they wil be disappointed .

I think the advertisement could not bring the company 's profits in the future .
Some company 's owner think it is not a big deal to earn amount money by using wrong advertisements .
However , customers are getting angry to buy product with wrong infomation they will not buy that product again .
Through the long future , it will not helpful to company to keep their benefits .

In conclusion , I thinks the company should provide informative and correct advertisements about product to make good society and make good customers for both of their benefits .
here the statemanet is correct , so i agree with it as the present days does not have engouh time to think for oneself , how he help the community ?
so he was not helping the communities .

first look for the past days , there man has less information to know , less luxiries , less work .
there life can be lead comfortably with less money .
that is why people involve in the communitypart , especally students or young one , bcause life span is short .

then look for th present days here the information to know is vast , so no time to diviate .
now th world is in the hands of th people i.e every thing is available .
as the human desire is vast .
so he ends up in a wild goos change of things .
no self satisfaction , so notime to look for the others .
so he never bother about the surronding world .

second thing is the excessive growth of population .
each city is having the lackhs of people , it may vary depend on the type of city is it metropolitan or capital city .
depend on it the community sige varies .
for the such large population .
there are many problems and public ca n't solve iy as it requires more money .
althogh collective impact may help , it is a difficult process .
as every body looks for the govt help rather than hlping the society is the main route cause for the less involvement in the community work .
shortly it is the increase in the population and work schedules of students leading to decrease in the involve of community work .

then i can coclude that , the main reason that is inferring is incrase of burden on the every student leading to this .
then there is need for the govt to look after this .
as the student must involve in every thing it is the govt must easy every thing .
I think that young peopledo not have to enjoy older people do .
Nowadays , young people get to forget gladness for older people .
There are mother , father , grandfather , grandmother and so on in older people .
They hade made our country and era .
We do not have to forget that .
Therefore , young people have right to enjoy our life , but it is bad that they enjoy life more than older people .

For example , we have known that father and mother had taken care of us since we had been born .
Moreover , grandfather and grandmother had done the same as our parents .
Therefore , we have to show our appreciate emotion for them .

There are older people who experiment war .
I think even if young people do not try to enjoy their life , they can enjoy life more than them .
And now , young people can go school , play with friends and eat good foods own older people .

Therefore young people must think over that what they shoud do instead of older people more than eonjoying life .
And this action will make our countries and world .
Our lives connect each other .
Life of grandparents connects parents , and life of parents connects their children .
I agree the best way to travel is in a group led by atour guide for many reason .
First , tavel with atour guide can save your time .
So , you can know the whole the place you visit such as city or island or any general place with short time , because you have a tour guide can answer your question any time .
Second reason , atour guide has a good expert for what you should to visit or what you should not or not intrestting for you .
Another resone , travel with groub can make the trip more fun and more usefule .
Every one can meet with a new man or woman .
so that can be helpful to know detals about him or her .
sometimes , we know a new culter when we travel in agroub .
I think travel with groub is the best way to make the trip more fun .
the statement `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than specialize in one spcecific subject '' because the person shold be specialize in a subject for better their knowledge .
A lot of reasons and example to support my answer .

Fristly , in the world of job the factories want the worker can be specialize to sector job .
Because the factories travel in the specific sector of buisness .

Secondly , person prefer specialize in one specific subject because thier like an determinate subject and want to work in a determinate sector .

In conclusion agree the satement that tock about to specialize in one specific subjet because the factories want the worker can be specialize to sector job .
In addition I like one subject and me specialize .
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities no I dont agree to the above statement .
In the present generation people are able to earn money by many ways .
in olden days rich are allways rich and poor are allways poor .
poor people can not go to school they bont have any support from any one .
The development in the poor people area is very less .

In the present days people have came to know about the importance of education so every one started going to school there are maintaings there surroundings neat clean .

Those days there are no clubs , play grounds , camps .
If childrens want to go to school they need walk miles .
But in these days we can see clubs play grounds , schools and many things in each and every colony .
these young people are able to earn money a lot they are able to spend for them self and helping others .
Even though they might not help in direct through hand but they are donating monry to some clubs .

By this i like to say that young people are helping for the development of there communities .
I disagree with thie stament because i think there are meny young people work hard and give enough time to helping their communties , so , there are many reasons to disagree with this statment .

The reasons that i disagree with this statment ; for example , young people studying hard , communicate with other people , and trying to convice old people with them ideas .
First of all , young people studying hard in university and treying to improve them selves by getting high marks and entering the best companies and get the best position in them works to improve them countries .
Second , there are many young people communicate witk others young people to try to help each others by them ideas for a reasult to help the communities .
Third , in my actual experince i found many young people trying to convince the old people with them ideas and let them help to do the things they want to improve them countries .

In conclusion , i think there are many young people trying to help with them ideas to help the communities and maybe just few are not helping , so , i advice every one to help their communities and work hard in every thing they try to attend in it .
In my point of view `` the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
I came from Iraq and in Iraq as well as in many of other countries the wrong gudiance is the main problem I think that it is the govermants job to guide the youth for the best way to serve their community when the youg man found no attention from any one in the community in his or her problems the young person seem to run away from their life towards any place that give them that attention other that place was the street or a bad friend or any thing .

In thas case the community not just lose the person afford to build a good society but also gain a crime maybe .
and I donot want to plaim the socity for that but there is also the parents role to rise there children in the correct way to introduce a good person for the community and there is also the TV role which is a major role in the whole process and of course there is the person his or her self role every body can work to build the community the resposiblity is common between the all I have mentioned .

Now I may suggest some ways to solve the problem may be giving the new couples a course in who to brought thrir children .
and the educational system should be renew in a way to keep up with the new tecnology and the internet should be used in correct ways .
In the end I would like to see more actions take in this direction because real the youg people are the most important thing we have to rebuild our community in a desant way that the country could be respact
I did not aree with the deal that the best way to travel is in a group led by a guide .
The reason why I think so goes as fallow .

Although it is more safety to jion a group to travel , especially in a strange foreign country , it will limited one 's action .
Because in a group one have to obtain the group rules , an individual ca n't stay in the place that really attract him , it will be less free for sightsee .

Second , traveling not along with group will get more impressive experience because all the information must be accquired by efforts .
And it makes the experience more worthy .
A guide may provide only brief knowledge about the spots throught his time limited intrduction .
Searching the story about the exotic atmosphere is more attrative for me .

Third , in group travelling we may get new friends in the period , and getting new friends is interesting but may influence the quality of travllingbut because we might meet the people who has bad habavior that makes me unconfortable .
If I travel on myself I can choose the accompany whom i am alredy familar with .

Group travel is interesting , howerer learning to solve the cultrual gap problem by myseft is also intereting .
In our society , there are lots of confilct between facts and someone 's idea .
but i do not think the idea and concepts is more important than its facts for the several reasons .

As iam a citizen of Korean , sometimes we have to get bad un - benefit hearing for the history things .
and also it issue on now .
some country try to get our territory , they made thir country 's textbook of the school own their way .
it was really surprised to all citizen .
but they were saying it is true .
there are reason why did they said that becase , they also learn it like that way with that worng fact textbook .
we should teach our child with the fact .
therfore they can image somethinf with the fact .
without the fact , they will just keep make some non make sence stuff .

secondly , the person who does not have knowledge about the facts , they can not get any job .
in our society we are very think importantly abut one person 's knowledge .
and also the created idea coming form our knowledge of facts .
so many companies are hiring people who are intellegient .

lately , in our shcool , what are we learn about it ?
all subject like history , math , and english is all facts .
and we are also going into our community wiht that facts .
that is the way we live in here now .

Accordingly , there are some reason for why learning facts are more important than learning ideas and concepts .
through the all facts we can think more creatvity , and also we should solve that conflict between the facts and ideas or concepts .
if there are no fact , how do we lean on someone ?
we should realized what is facts and what is ideas .
if there are exact line between of them , the conflicts are not exist any more .
so i belive that the facts are more impotant than learning about the ideas and concept first .
In twenty years from know on is not too much time but i am sure there will be a hugh transformation , we migth not have in account all the avances has been done in just a few yaers , but this is because is gradually .

Nowadays we are living a revolution of the thecnology , even more if we are talking about cars .
If we think of a car knowadays is necessary for the daily routine , we ca n't imagine living without having a car in our houses , A tis days almost everybody takes the car to go anywhere eventhough is not too far from you ,

But this , is having graves consequences related with the enviroment and the atmosphere , All the pollution that comes from the transports specially from cars , because there are more .
so in a future not too far away i supose they will find different solutions to solve this problem and help the enviroment , Another problem releat to cars is the amount of people every year have accidents where a lot of peole get dead ,

After these evidences .
and if we keep adding all this negative points i am sure that in not too long there will be fewer cars , but instead there will be another machine which will make the same function as tha car is doing now but with safer measures and with less connotation to the enviroment .

To conclude cars will be fewer ans the next
There are two different aspects which makes the question difficult to answer if it is better to have broad knowledge or to specialize in one specitic subject .
At first if you study undergraduate it is neccesary to get a lot of information from diffrent academic subjects .
Because you do not know anything about that subject you study and so you have to lern a lot .
You have to learn practical things like how to prepare an essay or how do i have to work out my letters for the proffesors or maybe how can i regestrade me in the system at the university .
Also you have to learn a lot of stuff to get the ability to talk with someone around your topic .
It is necessary to know the topic .
I will give an example if you are studying architecture you have to know how to build a house if you do not know this it makes no sence to learn other things like interior design .
So If you do not kmow basics you can not go on futher .
Therfore i found it very importent to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

Second if you are a graduate student who know the pasics he can consentrade on speciffic subjects .
Maybe for interrior design or special concrets .
In the upper classes i would say you have to specifies your topic .

However at the end i have to say that it gives no genuraly answer on this question .
It depense on you life situation .
I agree becouse younge people wast theire time in other things
Many students have differnt vairty for taking the information some who have more improtant to understand the problem and known the concepts , but the other one how think that learn facts chould be ok .
In my opining I think that understood the ideas and concepts chould be more helpful than just learn the fact for many reason .

First of all , when you knew the ideas you can imagian who can be it or you give this information espical idea that make you understood it immdately .
For example , when the teacher said '' the people die '' you knew that is fact but you do not know why , but when the teacher said '' the people die becouse they maby be infaction by dises or when he in the war the killed and so on '' . you can understand that very easily and in you word and imagaintion .

Second , knowing the concepts is onther point to understood the information like in physic if you do not understand the point or in the experiment you should know the concepts which make you understand what you should doing during the test .

So as we see both of them are related which each other the ideas and concepts which make the thing more sens rather than knowing the fact , becouse immaditaly you will ask you self mant question .
In instant , the boll will folling down when you thorugh it up the first thing you will ask who , why , and what is making it folling down .
But if you understand the ideas and the concepts you will not wory what will happen soon because you have abelity do understand it depened in what you teacher explain it to you .

In breif , understanding the information is depened on what way you are chosi on it is it good or not but as I said known or learn the facts it may be not the only the way of learing the information , it should followed by concepts which depend in which way you prefar
Every person in his or her life would have a golden period to enjoy his or her life in more than other periods , and in my opinion this golden period is in the age between 20 - 29 years , acording to that i absolotly agree with the statment thay says `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' and thats for many reaseons .

The main reason why i agree with this statment is that a person when is young have more energy than older people have to do a lot of things , and this energy let one enjoy life more than not having it or having it lees , an old man had lived more than a young one and saw more things and had more experience in life so he or she would be tired of life and would not enjoy it as like as a young one do , a young person is still freash minded so he or she would still have alot of ideas and a lot of beutiful things in mind wanted to do to enjoy life and in a young age she or he would like to do everything he or she could do in acording to enjoy life and would have more pationt to do such things than the older people do , also their are a lot of enjoyable things that older people can not do because of their age otherwise an young person can do it easily ,

Finally i would like to say that even i think that young people enjoy life more than older people do , that doesnt mean that older people does not enjoy life , i think that older people could enjoy life by other ways than young people do that could be apropriate for them and for there age , in my opinion every person could enjoy life if he or she want to but in different ways .
I strongly support the statement .
young people play life more than older people do , because of these reasons .
First of all , young people hav n't any probleme ; for exemple when the sun arrive the young people go to play game .
second of all , young people hav n't some one to do ; for exemple the day when they hav n't school , young people prefer to sleep long time or to look at tilevision and over .

also , young people hav n't a responsability ; for exemple if they hav n't give the house propretor money heir mather or father wlould pay from him .
In conclusion , older people cannot enjoy life like young people because they have a big responsability to do .
There is growing awarness of car problems all around the world .
Cars have brought us much convenience to transport while they have caused various social or ecological problems such as traffic jams , noise , traffic accidents , air pollution , too much consumption of petroleum and so on .
Now we have to solve these problems in order to survive on the earth .
I think it essential for us to reduce the number of cars .

First of all , we have to spend much money to maintain our own automobiles .
In our modern society , we have so much developed public traffic that we need not to transport with our cars .
Although we would be involved terrible trafic jams , public traffic such as trains and subways are usually be punctual .
Moeover , in general , the fee of public traffic is inexpensive .
Therefore , we can save not only time but also money by using public traffic .
The price of gasoline has gotten higher and higher recently , and the tendency is to be continued .

Second , there are no longer much place to park cars , especially in many cities .
The world population has been getting more and more during this decade .
Now we have no longer much enough land to dwell on .
Therefore , it will cost us too much to park our own cars in the city .
Many people have to shed their own cars in order to save their money and to save the area to live in .

In conclusion , for these reasons , spending much money and insuficient space to park cars , I agree the statement `` there will be fewer cars than there are today in twenty years . ''
No , i do n't agree with the best way to travel is in a group led .
I think in this way they will have many probelme .
Firt of all , the group led will be not agree together each one want be the led .
Second , when they travel they will be fighting all the time .
also , they will not listine to each .
On the other hand , when you travel with a group wich has one led , they will be better than onather way for severl reasons .
First , all the travels will be nice and specifictly .
Next , many people like travel with agroup by one led .
finally , i do n't agree .
I do agree with the statement that Young people enjoy life more than older people do because there attitiude is totally different from the older people .

Young people during there college days they spent in studing and playing games and aslo they prefer to go the pary or an some vocation places to spent their time , the young student like spend most amount of their time friends and others which help them to interact with differnt type of people in order to know more about the differnt things but the older people will think in different way they like to sit in a home and think about differnent things such as house hould things , and many many other related things they feel very stressful life .

young people does'nt have a stressfull life they allways think about their carrier related part of the life rather than thinking in different way , they does'nt have the burden of their family that their family have , during thier free time they like to spend most amount of time with friend and with collegemates , they often try to for the tour to the different places , and when a callege camp is there they try to enjoy their life in campus camp and at the same they can gain mor knowledge about different things .
for example paticulary when young people try to go for a long tour to some himalayas they often enjoy the time with an real aspect because they like to do more advanture game like skating , climbing the moutains which they enjoy during that period of that time and most often older people do not wish to do like that .
so this is one of the real ascpect of the enjoyment which they prefer to do it .
the young people will not face more amount of stress because they are more mentally active because they paticipate in the different activity like sports which make them more enjoyable .

Young people are more energetic , they totally think in a differnt wave length and they like to spend most of the time in an enjoyable mood .
Some people agree this statemant that there will use cars for twenty yers .
On the other hand some people dis agree this statement .
In my case , I agree this statemant .
In this essay , I 'll gice two reasons to supprt my essay .

First of all , I think that The cars is not good for environment about the earth .
For example , now the earth have some problems to warm atomother .
in my regions where are near the sea have some problem , It is that rasing the sea point .
this problems occer some place thouthout earth .
This problems was occered by people 's tools such as cars .
So I think that people should reduce to use some tools sach as cars .

Second of all , the cars are so danger .
Some people occer the attacking between cars .
For instance , in fact I exprienced to feel danger for the cars .
When I was high school student , I was attacked by the car that ride people who diank alcohole .
So this problem like the my accident happened many places .
So I think the goverment will say the people who out the low not to use cars .

Besides I think the new tools will bear more useful and non dengerous in twenty years .
So the cars willuse fewer than todays .

In conclusion , I agree this opinion .
In fact the cars are very useful .
However they so dengerous .
So I think that the cars less useful nowadays because so dangerous for people and the earth .
Therefore , I agree this statement
The our social life is changing fater than ever before .
in this society we always using cars for our living .
the cars have the mportant part of our living .

In my opinion , I disagree with the statement .
this is because the cars are the definition of the modern transportation , the first reason is that , for example , in my case I usually used the car when I went to the supermarket and school .
this is because the cars are the most comfortable to me , it is not for me , everybody feel these comfortable ,

but we think about the aspect of the envirometal .
I worried about the air pollution , the air polution often can be acontroversial issue .
however we dont have to do this worry about that , the other resources from nature are developing in thesedays .
so we will can ride a car that derives from energy of sun .

and the final reason is that the money for the cars is the less than other transportations .
for instans , nowadays , the price of fuel is going down .
for in my case , my car is small , so it need less fuel than other big cars , and than I do n't need to waste my money , we often take airplanes .
the air planes fee is largly waste my money .
I do n't agree with the statemant .
I do n't believe most advertisements make products better .
One example of advertisemants is to happen in my couontry , Japan .
There is a pretty popular company of vinegaer .
The vinegaer 's color is black .
It is said that it is better than normal one .
Actually , it is better , but the company said that black one contained many times nutirition .
It was wrong .
I ca n't believe avdvertisements .

Another example is when I was in Japan .
I sometimes brought something on the Internet .
I ca n't remember what I bought , but I just remember it that it was terrible .
I decided to buy something when I saw a advertisement on the Internet .
It was said that we sold the product with the lowest price in Japan .
But , one of my friend already had same product , and he bought in Tokyo with lower price than mine .
I do n't believe advertisement since that .

Last example , in Japan , we bought by advertisement , we could n't get better product that on advertisement .
Avdvertisements just show that how product is better .
So , actually advertisements are not better than real product .
I never believe it .
For this question there are two mains ways of developed it .
The first is that today there are an incredible numbers of cars in the world , in Europe and in the North America the market is full , but in Asia , for example , the rapidly grow up of population could have increase a numbers of cars .

The second is that in Europe and U.S.A. the public kind of transportation are forever in amount and the car began an older kind of transportation .
I think that the second way is the best solution for this big problem of cars numbers in the world , and so I agree with this question : in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I agree with this statement .
I think it is really important to understand ideas and concepts because thus you can open your mind and you can be more aware .
Learning facts and do not understand them is unuseful at all .
Everybody could learn and learn and do not understand a thing .
Where the interest is ?
You should understand first , like that you could have an idea about the subject and you could have an opinion , your own opinion .
Just learn is not useful in daily life , you can talk about that you just learned because you still remember but you cannot really discuss about it because you did not understand the main idea or the concept .

However you should learn thing that you are be able to understand to remember it in the future .
To understand an idea or a concept help you to remind it .
To conclude both of understanding and learning are important , but you should understand first before to learn , after that you are going to be able to learn without difficulties it will be easier for you .
In my opinoin , i agree with students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Because of nowadays i am a student .
So that , when i was yong , if teacher did not call me have to do the homewrod .
If i fisnish it , i must want to play the games .
I do not want to learn sometings .
More and more students always like me .

First of all , understanding is very improting for everyone , because , out human 's tinking and dreaming denpting on out understanding .
With the development of the techlog , the information is very parpoll in all of the wrold .
If we can not understaning ideas , which it must be the knowleg not enmfull .
We need the teachers , because teacher can change our life .

On the other side , if students learn it facts , that maybe after one day .
Some of students will be fotget it .
So that understand ideas is bettter than it .
Nowadays we go to school or go to unverisity is not in order to learn facts .
Our puspea is understand all of piont and all of knowleg .
21center is information wrold , we can not leave the knowleg .

At least , I agree with the idea .
Also understand ideas and concepts is better than it for them to learn facts .
We need to remmber and able to using in our life .
If we are not able to using our knowleg .
that , we can not understand .
The students life is very improtant on our life .
we
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

Nowadays young people became more interested of spinding alote of time on vedeo games , enternet chating , shoping , and watching TV .

One of the important reasone that make young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is the change in the enviroments around themselfs .
For example , the improvment of technolegy create other way for spending time instated of specifing the enough time to helping their communities .

Anather reasone that parents do not encarege the young people to give enough time to helping their communities .
Schools are also do not pay a tention for teatching young people the importance of helping their communities .

Thus , It is not one specific resone lead to the behavore of the young people nowadays where they do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It is the responcepelty of the family , schools , and the other socity factores which where reflectted negativety on them .
I disagree with the statement .
I think that young people nowadays should give enough time to helping their comunities .
There are a couple of reasons I think this way .
Let me tell you each reason one by one .

First , if young people have chanses to help their communities , they can communicate with a variety of people having different social status and being different ages .
Young people , especially students , tend to be together with people of same generation .
Through communication with people in their communities , they can develop their ability of sociality .
Moreover , elder peeple would teach them their communities traditions .
Accepting their traditions are very important things for young people .
And , in the future , they should pass their traditions to next genarations .

Second , if young people give enough time to helping their communities , they can have oppotunities to donate in their communities .
Larning donation is important for young people .
Young people have to learn ideas of cooperation .
Also , they have to know well not only their school life and their work life , but also a lot of thing in their communitis .

Thus , these are reasons why I think that young people should give enough time to helping their comunities .
in the future there will be fewer cars in use , i think .
Today , buying a car is more possible than in the past .
because it is cheaper and more essential for people .
however , while the time is going on , the roads have been crowded and traffic problems have increased .
therefore people 's complicates have raised .
now , there are no adequate roads .
the government may build more roads so that provide the translation .
on the other hand , there are so many roads that building new ones may not be possible one day .
to illustrate the government may be increased the saling prices of cars and buying a new car may be difficult .
i think this idea should support and the people should encourage to go somewhere with the governments busses .
moreover , going anywhere with the busses is cheaper than the fact that we go with .
the population in turkey is also a factor of increasing the number of cars .
while a number of person is increasing , these crowded roads and traffic problems will increase .
to sum up , the government should provide the using of cars to be decreased .
in the last 40 years the life of all people is change consideratly .
the world is change and there was a boom in a sector of cars .
years ago the cars was most expensive and only rich people can buy it .
slowly the thighs were change , the life of people was better and more persons can buy a car for his family .

today all family have a car , because the work permitted , with its salary , to buy it .
some family has two or three cars , in this case dipend from many family factors that not explain .

today have two or three cars is too , because cars is a comodity but there is a count .
the fuel have an expensive price , in the years the price grow up , another factor of lose is the many spese about cars revision and mechanic .
today some thinghs are becoming exagerate , in the past people know the value of money .
people work very hard to arrive at the end of month , today some people work so so and have much money without do either .

now the cars market are stop , my friend work in a cars outlet and in a month you sold out ten cars if you has fortune .
another factors of this stop is the price of actually cars , buy a car today is an investiments that not produces a profit in future .
after i buy a car its value is yet the half than before i buy it and ogni years its value always decrease .
in the past cars were a necessity , today is a necessity but people use it not better , without
I belive trying new things and taking risks are the key of the success .
In our world if a person wants to be famous with his or her success story he or she must create a new thing and take risks .

Firstly invention is a major requirement of success .
A person who wants to invite something must be radical and try new things othwerwise he or she find new powerful ideas that will lead to success .
Henry Ford who is the inventor of cars that we use today has emphasized the importance of invention and radical thinking abilty by these words : `` If we asked the people what they want only thing they would say would be the faster cars '' .

Secondly taking risk for the success is an inevitable point .
People who wants to be successful must know that there is no easy way to the top and they should know they will

To sum up ,
I disagree intwenty yeats there will be more cars in use than there ae today .
In moderen countrys such as japan they still use cara even they have new modren metroos and transption > Aslo yung guyts like to putt it in accation mostly so they like to drive not driven or buy using some sort of new teghnalge that do n't have .

In countrys such Saudi Arebia where i am from .
we still do'nt have metrroes so ido n't think that cars will be fewer use of it .
becuse it takes a long time to make roads for metteroes and lines btween citys .
so not in twenty years do n't think so .

cars have alot of use so if they goning to replce cars with some new thing its not gioing to take twenty years it will take more that .
so people will still use cars i htink not just for the in twenty five or mybe more than that .
also company that amkes cars are going like a wind i nthe market of cars peaople are wating for the newer in ever year so the butter car looked from how strong or the shaepd of it the size people will still have to buy it .
so ithink big compny are aware if in twent years that if people stop using cars somthin would came up .

I iwoul say the will be more cars use then ever in that past that for a fact becuse people will be more than naw .
So do n't think about beening fewer cars in use inthe feture .
there no picter for the feture what we use to redose the use of cars i mean think about going to skool with what using a bus or mettro no way not good at all .
I agree with this statement .
Young people can do what ever they want .
The old peole cant judje them becuse they are young .
They can go to club , date weman , dancie with everyone , and the youn people cant finguer the life in this age .
I think when they coumplete 25 years old mybe he can finguer how it the life hard and how can handdle with it .
The old people take every things responsblity and they cannt joke in every thing as young people .
The old people love quite place and stay alone sometimes .
They just talking about the past and what did they do in them life .
But the young people can joke in every things and they can talke with you about what ever you want .
But if the young people dont know what you aere talking about they will not join in the counverstation .
the old people they talking about every things and they think they knew every things in the life .
The young people travel to enjoy in their life and they want to know about the others counteres .
The old people feel lazy and hate travel or go any where .
If you ask any old person about what was the best age you enjoy your time ? .
I think almost of them will answer when they were young and when they did every things in their life .
The young people know that when they come old they cant do what they are doing in them age now .
For me the problem is not the title of this question but the problem is because in the future there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ?
for me for answering at this question we looked at the past infact for a lot of years we produced pollution and now the enviroment is destruction .
The water is polluted , the woods are destroyed , in the atmosfphere there are a lot of type of chemical elements and there are n't a lot of ice on the mountain .
the temperature on earth is increased a very spped and if we will to left on this planet for a lot of years now we starts to controlled and save the enviroment for example making a lot of natural reserved on the land an under the see because if the healt of uor planet is n't good we will not life amoung on this Earth .
For this question now we think at the metod for save our future life .
For example when we watching TV or listening the radio or writing at the PC we use the electryc current but for produce this we fire the petroil or fire the gas or oil or we break the natural skyline of the mountain with electryc central .
And when we actuatted that procediment we produce polluted and we break the natural ecosystem and we increase the anidride ccarbonica in the atmosphere and the consequence is very dangerous for our life and for animals life .
For eliminated this problem we can produce current to another method for example with sun-panel or with system to convert strong of wind in current .
That methods are n't produce pollution and are n't destroyed the enviroment but they are more expensive and in this world for the politician the money are the first interesting .
I'will not made in the future and I do n't know if in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today but I know if we do n't today at the future for our the future will'not be good .
Nowadays , people cannot only get very much information on television or newspapers or magazines and also subway even more on streets .
i agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are several reasons are first .

i have seen many people who buy some products on internet shopping mall often return products , second , it is broken easily .
I saw many times that some people returned products .
It is usually sell on internet shopping mall and home shopping .
For example , i have experience .
In Korea , home shopping is general .

I saw the program to sell gelly shoes .
It showed very cute and pretty .
But it delivered to me , i was disappointed because it was different when I was seeing .
So i had to return it .
Somtimes , many people are attrated good models who are advertise special products .
People cannot bear for temptation .
All advertisements are not lie .
Just a few products show much better than real products .
b
I think the best way to make a trip is alon or with my family because when you travel with a group you need one person to led everey group .

and if you do not have this person and every one want be the person who led is a big problem .
i like travel alone and meet a lot of places in the world make my trips whit my family is good to because i am the person who led them and that 's no problem for them when you are in an airport there a lot of people inside trying leave that city .
and if u are ther with a group is vere dificul the ckeking in the airline counter , a lot of passport a ID every want diferent seats every one ask for the food during the fly and the person who led must be know carfuly each one if one of them will be sik during the fly or have fear , if you fly or travel whereever you go alone is beter you do not will have any problem only your own person other problem when you fly with specific group is this bag 's there a lot of bag 's and you have to put a target everey one write in rigth way the name of person , after arrive to the destiny you have to go to inmigration with a lot of persons thath not good after that you have to go to check your bag .
I fly with my music group and evere family of one of us to london the last year .
was a big trouble with kids a was a big group , after that experiencie i fly alon or with my family may wife and my child no more .
the only way without problems to fly in a group is if u have your own airplain .
but the other way will be a big problem .
Those who consider having many experiences to have wsidom might say have their own time is more appropriate .
However , I think young people give enoung time their communities is more desirable .
There are two major reasons .

First , give enough time their commnities , they can learn about how to be sociable .
They can learn it ` firsthand ' As society is getting more complex , hauman realationships are getting more complicated .
Therefore , the role of education has changed .
However , I think give enough time their communicates is more desirable .
Thus , when it comes , how to socialize , classmtes , freinds , and better than others .

Moreover , as far as , comfort is conerned .
I think give enough time their communities is more desirable .
We live in a community that needs some help from all the its individuals , espacielly from the young people , were they give most of their time for playing games , going out and having fun .
By that they totaly forget about their community and the duties that have to do for it .

In our days today we have to give young people the maximume attention that we can offer them , because we live in a society that has many tools to blind them and make them lose the right track .
For example if we ask a young boy weather he likes to go fishing or go clean the beach from wastes , his answer is going to be `` lets go fishing '' , he might not even know that there are some people whom actually clean the beach .
This happens from the lack of attention that we should have given for them to know more about their community and the problems that their community faces .

Another factor which makes a young boy go fishing , is the number of places that we have for children to have fun and play and at the same time the absence of places that tell our children about out community and that we actually have duties towards our community .

I strongly agree with the statment
To my mind , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First , there are a lot of advertisements which lie .
For exemple , for products to wach white tee shirt , ads says '' more white than white '' , which is impossible .

Then , we discover there are a lot of liing advertisement when we try the product .
When we buy a product to wash bath room , they do n't wash alone althoug advevertisement say .

finaly , we find a lot of advertisements for only one product .
He is always new , but there are the same ingredients .

If we must n't be radical on this subject , we can say that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
yes i 'm agree it ,
i think it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
nowdays students very clearly , they can use thier think do every things , if they ahve more interest in something , they will do it all time .
as a student not just learn some information and knowleadge form class and teacher , more and more people think use their think about something more useful just learn some information from calss .

with world was development , more and more comnpany want to own high skill people , but people have high skill not just learn from class , you must think about everything use your brain , if you think about some ideas , it 's was yours .
not other people , although your ideas was not very true , it was yours , it means you make your brain , and think about something , you unstand these ideas and concepts then you can think about again , you can use your option ,

some of country , they teach student some knowledages , they just teach then htese , they never let student why you chosse this , then student also dont ask teacher why , i think it was not your knowledage , you could n't remember it , beacuse you not understand it , you just read it , it was very bad for your study .

now , most of school was suggestion teacher how to teach student , i think when you learn some information you must understand these meanings , it was basic , beacuse only you have understand these meaning , then you can use youe own ideas to explain it , it was a good behavior , if you always to do it , then you have a good behavior , it was very useful for you , if you have some troubles , you not wrooy about it , you will face to it , beacuse you know you can use your brain to do it .

so i think student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
everybody must learn it , it was very useful for you .
I 'm convinced that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specializing in just one specific subject .
There are several reasons why I agree with this previous statement .

First of all , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects allow us having a personal culture .
The school give to the students the capacity of studing a substantial number of subjects , so it 's important having a knowledge of them for ourself , as a culture for being well prepared in general .
Because I think that knowing differents subjects open more our mind than just focus in one specific subject .
In fact knowing just a specific subject is like a limitation .

Second , the knolwedge of many academic subjects give the chance to have more chance in our life .
Indeed , knowing a vast amount of informations show your potential with other people .
You are prepared and have what it takes to be considered as an efficient person .
Occasions in life can occur , because you are prepared in many subject so in a future you could do several works .

To sum up , I think that many reasons exist why knowing many object is better than just one
`` it is better to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
So so I agree this sentence moreover I suppose this think .
I explain several facts : First , it 's truht due to the fact that one specific subject is one think ; however , many academic subjects are a lot of thinks furthermore they have got lots of different thinks in contrast one topic expert specialize subject can be more effective than different topic study many academic subjects for example , chemimal topics expert specific subject who give
I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
there are many reasons for this point .
first as in group we would be safe as example in a strange country between strange people it would be good if remain in group as there would be less chance of robbery .

Other benefit is of tour guide .
A tour guide will show us the every important place and by this way we would not miss any tourist place .
Other benefit of tour guide is that he knows all the ways to reach that place so the chances of lossed in any place will be very less .
In a group we can also share each others feelings and experiances , and that would be entertaining .
The good aspect of travelling in group is that it could reduce our expences in some content .
so over all in my opinion travelling in group with tour guide is best way .
I absolutely agree with this statement .
To learn anything new , you have to know the idea of this thing .
In other words , the learner must know the benfits fo this thing and why it is important to be known ? .
In other things , the learner should have an idea of the history of what he learns .
Because if he knew its origin , he can decide how its importance as well as he will get a good comprehension of the thigs .
After that , he can build the ideas which depend on the main idea .

On the other side , if the students learn facts while they do not have a sufficient understood about the idea , they will misunderstand some of the backgrounds of the facts .

And here are an example support my opinion .
Consider the concept of interrelationships between different community aspects that they may in some concerns be the eventual criteria of demonstrating what those ideas may have .
The topic discuss about the less time that the young people have to halping their communities .
I think that the young people have a lot of time for helping their communities but they do n't want help it .
For example , I go to help a lot of young students to study and to learnt every weeks .
I study at the university and play guitar in a rock band but I have more time to helping my communities .
The young people nowadays think only about to theirself .
In my opinion , we need to educated all people to give their time to their communities but this way is not simple because today all people think that is better stay at thieir home to play a playstation than help who have a problem .

On the other hand , Life is more difficult and quikly than 100 years ago and the young people do n't go to the community because they go in the city to study and when they return at home they are more tired .

In addittion the country do n't have a good place for education and for meet other people .
In conclusion , I think that the government need to gives places and he need to does an activity in the schooltime for increase in the young people the want to helping the other people with their ability and possibility .
I agree with this statement .
Of course some people might say that learning facts is more impotant .
However , it is clear to me that understanding ideas and concepts outweight than learning facts .

First of all , education is for improving capacity of student 's thinking .
If teachers stick their own idea , then students only can think teacher 's way .
That prevent increasing student 's thinking .
And , also as we can see , nowadays many schools have student-centered classes to give student think more .

In addition , In our country - South of Korea - , most of classes are only for leran facts .
Teachers do n't ask student 's thinking , students only listen and write what teacher says .
So that my country 's people weak of imagination .
But as you know , imagination is the power of future .

Finally , students can more concentrate on thier studies .
Thinking something , imagne somethings are very interesting .
A lot of students read a book and watch a movie when they are students .
Even though , it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts , I strongiy believe that it is more important for them to learn facts .
One reason why I believe that it is more important to learn is that many students can evaluate the facts. `` money is important to get a better life . ''
Every body knows this word and will understand what this word means .
Although , students understand this word , they may not try to learn what this word means , but I tried to know it when I was young .
I was born in the country side .
My parents are still farmers .
They make money by working hard .
One day , my father told me , `` you do n't know the value of money because you are too young . ''
When I
I agree with that student should understand the ideas and concept than learn fact .
To know and understand any thing you shuold have clear the ideas and concept of that thing or theme than only u can judge what is true and false .

Foremost , Ideas improve your imagination , It gives u a fantacy felling , improve your concentration , It gives good exercise to your mind , you may improove the thinking abilities .
For example , you refer the history of ancient era , The scientist was found the fossiles or some historical monuments .
From all those evidence they might got idea abuot the culture , tradition and life style of the people of that era .

Moreover , By those evidence and ideas the scientist made concept of the life style , the attitude , the agriculture , the education , the food habit many more details about the people of the encient era .
Then they did reaserch on it and tried to find out the fact out of these .
This fact gives u a clear picture of the events of the history .

Finally , It is true that for learning any fact of life , you must understand the ideas and concept about it so you will not get any difficulties to understand the realities of the past .
present , future of life or any person or any thing .
lerning fact
I am agree with young pople nowdays should give more time to help thier comunities .
I know nowdays young people are busy with their own bussiness .
For exmple , now more and more yung students are going to university and spending a lot of time there .
Now social welfare is much better than it used to , and Number of comunitiy work is dicreased .

However social comunities are still very important .
whitout comunities work , Festivals or safety of the city will not able to keep .
I think Helping comunities are great experiencces for young peoples .
Nowdays number of nuclear familiy are increacing , so young people does not have a lot of oppotunity to talk to elderly peole .
Talking with different age of people is great chance to learn or know something you did not konow .

Young people are stlong So I think They are very helpful for Their comunities .
That is why I think young people should help their commu
I agree with that statment , and in the following lines I will support my idea .

When we watch an advertisment about a product , in most of the cases we asume that the product is better than it probably is .

In effect , we think that the product has a good cualities because we asume that the producers make a lot of exams to probe his product , but when we buy the product , and we follow the advetisments , we sometimes we can notice that the product has not the sufficient advertisment that it supposed to be .

For example , if you buy a pesticide , and in the advertisments say that you can use in home , and you used in the plants of your home , in a few days your plants probably die .

The reason of thism is because the advertisments did not tell you that you can not use the pesticide in the plants of your home .

As we can see , because the advertisments we assumed that the pesticide was a good product , much better than really is .

In conclution , I agree with the statement , because in many times , the the advertisments make products seem much better than they really are , and when we used , we noticed that the products are not good .
I think that nowdays there few young people that spend some of their time to helping someone else .
So , I can say that I am agree with this statement .
I do not believe that young people know that wrong .
In fact I think that is the society that grows the young people .
Everyday I see this lack of helpful in different situations .

In order to they think only to theirself .
There is not helpful and this is possible to view in our family , or in our communities .
When there is need to do something , young peolpe do not think .
Young people do not to be able to help their friend .
when there is a difficulties in a communities all the members try to resolve the situation but nowdays also the adults try it .

Young people spend a lot of time to play with their friends , to study , but always alone .
An example to explain what that i say is this .
Thinking about at the bus stop , there is an ancient woman that has some difficults to take the bus .
Near to her there is a young boy that sees her but does n't help she to take the bus .
Indifference nowdays is at the basis of our society , and this is very afraid .
There is n't comunication in our society : internet , the tv , has modicated our maind and all seem to feel as a fiction .
Return on the principies that must stay at the basis of a good society is very important .
Nowdays also in our family we can see these situation of no helping .

Helpful should return at the basis of our life because it is better to give that recive .

Society must changed for a better future .
People do something because of very reasons such as compulsory , to be happy , However , something is not enough for some people ` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already known how to do well .
` I definitely agree with this term .
I believe that succesful people believe themselves this is very important issue for me becuase if person believe yourself would not lose easy .

Firstly , many people are doing same job or things in the world and sometimes it can be boring for example many parents want to chose a specific job for their children like an engineer , a doctor , a lawyer .
It can be normal but if people have to do this they can do another one .
This should not a compulsory for life .
For example person who was the fourty five years old and he is a doctor , suddenly he change your mind and want to be a captain .
In this time I believe , this is success and he is successful .

Sometimes life can be bored our passion , ambitious are gone In this time some risks are taken to do better for own life .
Also we can be much more successful than past .

Secondly , try new things can be difficult for some people , but somethings are not known when they are not trying .
Maybe failures can be waiting to us , but it is not an important , If Galio or Ainstein did not try , today we do not know science as now .

All the things I mentioned above , I completely agree with this term .
Successful people try new things they do not afraid , sometimes they take risks .
However , others are always afraid or because of the some responsibilities such as family , children , they do not try .
At the end success is not always coming with trying , but at least we would try and we would learn .
The young people in any community are the base of future if they are work will for their communities the community will be high class .
the aquition is the community give these people the appurtonity to helping in developing process ?
I think no .
the community did not give the young people the appurtonity to helping in developing process .
becouse the comunity today is just thinking to collect money by any ways .
one of the dagerous way is collecting by drugs which is channeled to young people like puim and heroin .

Also the comunity today looking for anjoyment regardless which type of enjoyment is clear and dont have problems for young poeple like sex movie or by enternet .
In some country they let young people work hardly long time under no safe condiotion like in some industry in some country of asia .
To say the trouth some country give the young people a big chance to educate from first year to graduate of unversity .
and tese country have some club for improving the thinking of young people but these countries are not much .

Finally the young people need more and more appurtonity to helping their communities in developing process .
I am a young person and I agree with this statement .
I thing we do not give enough time to helping our communities .
In fact we do not give enough time a lot of things .
For example we do not read enough or we do not go to cinema and theatre enough .
We spent huge times for internet chat and computer games ...
etc .
And I thing chat and computer games are very unnecessary things .
But unfortunately chat and computer games have commoned very easy and fastly .
I thing we correct this situation shortly times .
If we do not correct this situation our young people will give up helping their communities .
For example Using the telephone has decreased since the internet commonly .
Young people chat with they do not know everyone .
And they do not know that they are lier .
Also young people do not give enough time our friends .
We choose play computer games or chat .
So our friends is decrease .
Finally I think we are giving enough time to helping our communities .
Nowadays , the people are not as the same as the people in the past .
In the past they were wise enough and give enogh time for everything .

The time now is very important , and we must be carefull of it , because it is in our hands and also everything now rely on the time .

But the young people , they want everything to to be done as quickly as possiple .
For example , they do not like to wait much .

They must do everything carefully and wisly and like this they will not waste time , and they can help their communities in everything , they can do all their works in a good way .

But , nowadays , they do not take care about these things , because of the new envitions , which make them like this .
And we all are responsibe about this , I mean that we must help the young people in everything that will make them take care of time to help their communities , because the young people can do everything better than the other people , and this is because they have a streangh and the power to do difficlt works .

For example , in the important places like banks , they want everything , whatever they do , to be done quickly .

And as i said , the new envenyions today , make them like this , for example , the TV , computer , internet and another things .
They make them careless , not care about the community generally , they will do everything they can do to make the time go faster .

In the end , I think that everyone must take care about the time , like he oung people , because everything rely on them to make the community better , and to make it very beautiful in it , and we must help each other to do this .
Some people might think that successful people try to new things whereas others might believe that they should do well what they already know for the success .
In my opinion , I can agree with the statement only if the success people already do well what they already know .

One possible reason is that doing easy things can reduce the risk of failing to do new things .
If small problems that can be easily coped with are left for long time , it will be the interraption of the succession .
Even tiny problems can be bigger when they are left over for a long period .

If the basic has been done , the successed new thing will yield more benefits .
Even if there were small things which were easy to be done , they would results the liability .

To success , the things that are basic and have known already sould be well done .
It decreases the risk of the failure , and the new things that are tried will increase the benefit from the succession .
If only new things are tried from no background , that will yield nothing and cost .
People in all over the world have education during their lifetime .
The education never stops .
It is impossible to learn everything but it is better if a person have information about everything as much as possible than keen on only one subject and do n't care about the other points .

First of all , people judge the others not carefully and it is really difficult to change their ideas .
For example , in a crowded place where people discuss their ideas , people may talk about every topic and if you are not have an idea about the subject , people do n't think about your knowledge in another subject .
So they would think that even you are uneducated instead of searching you about more .

Secondly , having information about other subjects help another subject to understand easily or better .
For example , in botany , it is also necessary to have information about chemist to critise and understand the chemistry of the plants .

To sum up , to have a little idea about everything is better than to have an amount of knowledge in one subject .
Being not only a succesful but also a respectful person is very important in a person 's life .
no i don t think its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because knowing a subject very well makes you an expert so you can share your knowledge with people when they need if you have broad knowledge you can easilly confused when someone ask something to you and you can do a lot of mistake when you are talking and it is not good for you in my opinion you have to be a expert in one subject it can be about job or it can be about some academic subject or it can be sports so you can be very important person and also you can make a lot of money by this way you can be famous if you are good at in something populer or important for example if you are good at american history you will be the man that people look for you in everywhere people look for or ask something or newspapers want to make interviews with experts of something on the otherhand if you have broad knowledge for everything you can also talk like experts but nobody cares you in society you can be invisible so all you have to do work hard however its not easiy for a lot of people but as i said you have to work
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
because young people are very energish .
They want to do sports , play game , like the other , get marry with the other , study about unknown things and so on .
Many kinds of thing wait for them .
By contrast , old people have already done many kinds of things for they were young and energish and already enjoyed .
This time , they shoud support young people like they let old people support who support them before .

But I dont mean that old people mast not enjoy .
They also shoud enjoy very much .
what I want to say is that yong people are star and old people are thier manager .
everyone shoud enjoy but also old people shoud support them .
I do not agree this opinion .
In my idea , older people enjoy life more than young people do .
When persons is young , he and she do not know what is the life and how important of the life is .
Because they have less experient of life .
They maybe catch up with money , they maybe abandant themself in the luxury .
They can not recognize life is important to them .

When persons grow up , they work for life and they married and then have the baby of their own .
They begin to realize that life is more important for them .

A lot of person thought that young proson have the opptunity to enjoy life , and older person is late for enjoy the life .
I ca n't agree the idea .
Young person begin to their new life of them own .
They just enjoy themself not the life .
Life include family , associate , work , friends and so on .
Older person enjoy more family and associate , compared with young person enjoy more themself and friend .

In the sorround of me , there are a lot of youny person selfish and competive .
They can do whatever they want to achieve their goal .
When they got about 30 or more years old , they began to realize the life .
They found they have lost a lot important life with their family and friend .
They became peace , and began to enjoy the real life .
When they enjoy the life , they found which is more important for them yet .

In my conclusion , older people enjoy their life more than young person do .
But when young person got enough experience of the life , they will begin to love it .
Recognize the life need a long cource of experience .
recognize themself is also important to enjoying the life .
So young people enjoy life less than older people do .
I agree with this statement .
I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I have three reasons .
First , recently we use a lot of natural resource .
And I think that we have to stop to use that .
If we use that like this pace , we will have to use all natural resource in 20 years .
Natural resource is fewer and fewer , everyday and every year .
If we use all natural resource , it must thai we can not live .
Because , if we can not have resourse , we can not use air controler .
I can not live without air controler in summer .
Japanese summer can not live without air controler !

Second , I think that a new trafical tool will invite in Japan .
Next twenty years , we will use new trafic tool everyday .
The new trafics tools shape is like train , but faster than train and later than plane .

Third , I think that Dokodemo Door will come to our world , from animation ( Doraemon ) world .
If we can use it , our life become very very convenience !
And we become that we never use a car .

These are the reasons why I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
And I think , we should take care about natural resource .
I disagree this statement .
Young people should enjoy and obtain many good things from experiences .
On the other hand , they should have many things to grow up .
First , young people should study .
When people became older , there are not opportunity to study something .
To study sometimes make feel boring , but it will make use of in the future surely .
Further , while you are in the young age , it will be easy to understand rather than learn to in the old age .

Second , people enjoy a variety of things by use money .
As you get older , we can earn the money and enjoyable .
Also , you can find own favorite hobbies as you tget older and older .
Also , it will be not good which young people to use money from their parents .

Third , after retired the job , people have alot of time to do someting .
For example , people who retired the job can go overseas , go out somewhre anytime .
They do not have to irritate to something or be hurry to do something .

Thus , older people can enjoy their time as they like .
One reason that , they were hardworking , and did for children to grow up .
Enjoy life connects with the past life because they made effort each other .

That reasons people should enjoy life after get older .
In addition , peole should study and have experiences , while you are young age .
That will make you to grow up and can know about the life of happiness .
That reason I think older peple enjoy their life .
/
I disagree to this concept because if most of the advertisment contains a false knowledge for thier product .
nobody will believe any of the advertisment .
which leads a lack of knowledge for a consumer which is the most suitable product to buy .
that means that all the money budget for the advertisment gone for nothing .
moreover , it will cause the hatrege of the consumer to the company , even if they sell a varies kind of products .
but its better for the advertisment companies to have a funny advertisment in the tv .
after that announce the name of the product .
In that way everybody body will remember the product because of the funny advertisment .

the only effective time to advertise about products is when you have a low amount of products .
and the company want to get red of it .
Most of people visits a new country or city .
They want to find a tour guide in order to save money in their bag .
Although a tour guide can help your save times and money .
I love to travel by single .

Exploring is very useful skill in you life .
I like to search answer when I first visit the city .
In my opinoin , city history you had better find it .
A tour guide can tell a story about the city , he or she can not unclean history .
People likes to travel in order to happy and entarinment .
When people find new thing by themself in a new city who feel very comfortable .

In additional , single travel is very freedom .
If you to travel is in a group led by a tour guide that it has lots of problems .
Such as , guide maybe ask you buy some expensive goods but it is very normal .
Not only wasting you money , but also controlling you time .
Bescaus tour guide had time list about famous place .

Lastly , i dislike nosiy and rule .
I want to control myself , When I travel a new city and country that I inconsider to led by a guide .
If you invite a tour guide means lots of people makes a group .
Maybe some people have a harmful habit .
Just a word `` lots of people has lots of problems .

Only a word , If a tour guide in order to save money and time .
I had better travel by single .
And tour guide not save in my idea .
Today , the method of teaching is mainly discussing in all around world .
I think understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts because of two reasons ; effectiveness to another proplem , and make a considerated person .

First , if we understand ideas that on the book , or the profeesor explained we can easily get a solution from similar situations or problems .
For example , we have learned ` 1 + 1 = 2 ' . we know not only this answers but also its sequence to solve .
Unless we underatand the method .
` 1 + 1 = 2 ' is just fact .
not mine .

Secondly , we can be more considerating person .
By accessing solutions , we could face various kinds of obstacle .
Then , we take a time to review about waht was wrong and are there any otherway to solve the problem

In conclusion , there is a saying that `` teach him ` how to get fish ' , do n't teach him ` how to eat fish ''' .
This shows what I exactly mean .
Ignore all of the sequence is caused unhumanty soceity and unconsiderating society .
Therefore I think to understand ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts .
Since the first car was used by people , people always want to have a fewer car so that the goals of the car factories are giving to people what they want .
Engineers studied to developed the models especially they specialized about the motor .
They innovated more powerful motor than the previous ones .

Today , the improvements about the motor are going on speedly .
Technology gives support to this studies .
The cars are more faster than the old cars but it is not only one criter about the cars .
The view is another criter , so cars are not only developed as their motor but also they are developed as their shapes .
Especially after increasing the number of women driving cars the scape and colour is more important because of their esthetic opinion .

Besides , security is a common subject when a car is evaluated .
When traffic was occured in big cities because of increasing of population , unfortunately big car accidents begun to happen commonly so another criteria is determined : A car must be safety .

So the suspancion systems was found and even they are developed today and also seat belts became a standard for the cars .
The reason why I mention the whole developments is making a comparety between todays cars and the old cars .
According to many people cars which are produced in twenty years are most esthetic than the others but if we compare their quality , Today 's cars are most powerful and security and accoding to me more beautiful .
This is the exact thing what people wants .
Everything is devloped in a huge speed , the cars can not be remained same .
They must be changed and they must be more efficent
I strongly agree .
I would like to say these days `` age of PR '' .
When I buy something , there is a very difference between I have seen advertisements or not .
For exemple , when I buy and eat a Mcdonald hamberg , I can trust before I eat .
I would think what it has high quality and taist no matter what it have because I have seen Mcdonald 's advertisements long time and a lot of time , but when I buy and eat a hamberg which I have never seen advertisement before may be I can not trust it before I eat .

Sometimes people know what every advertisement are not really .
Sometimes advertisement has problmes which makes confuse people , but even like that advertisements make products much better .
So I would like to say `` Advertisement makes products seem much better than they really are .
I think , facts are always real and has been observed by many peoples in the society , I have seen many examples like , if you do n't try to work hard in your business and just having idea and concept , thats is not going to help , because you do n't know what is the fact why i am not succeding .
Further more , facts are always truth can be veri fied any time in life .
Every things you can n't hide from peoples .
if you will find out what is the problems then it has to be verified .
Its takes time but you will find the ways of your problems .
For example , many kids does wrong in theire life , after they tried to hide that some times parents also supports that but that is not good idea because one day he will realise than he fel soory and regreat for theire parents what they teach us .

Facts are always learn by situation , like you made a mistake in your life that mistake or accident allow to you learn and you will facts .
I am telling my example , I went three times for driving test was unsucees then after being master in driving how ?
I learned lesson what i made mistake than i learned facts .

Some times understanding ideal and concept help to people finding problems but they can n't realise without gettint facts At last , facts are always real and leanred by mistakes .
When peoples realise the facts they should try to improve
I agree this statement .
We ca n't experience all things .
Think about the food .
How many kinds of food did you it ?
or do you know how many foods in the world .
Maybe we do n't have any idea .
We can just guess .
The world is very wide , we never see the all country ( including detail culture , back ground , and so on ) , so the think is very important .
All people 's thinkings are different .
If you ask one question , then you can hear many different answers .
The idea 's world is unlimited .
If you read some books , you can experience the other people 's life or everythings .
May it is fiction or nonfiction .
The facts make the other ideas .
We can see many image books .
For example , comic books , fiction , movie and so on .
All things are stat one fact , then you plus your image .
Many teacher ask to their student `` You have to read many books and you need more thinking time .
It is good for you . ''
We heard many times from our teachers .

When we were a chidren .
We could see many books .
It is fact .
We read the books .
We can do everything in your thinks .
We will become robot , door , hero , and so on in your thinking .
Then we have good dreams .
I heard like this sentence '' If you do n't have a deram , you 're very poor people .
Our life is different .
If your parents are rich or not , your ife is change .
If you leave more big country , you can experience various culture .
However , we have different all things The reaons are very various .
Our enviorments are different , but we reduce the gab .
book is very important .
We have to read the bookl .
You can thinks many times toyue
I totally agree with this aspect , maybe it could be Unfair for companies that provide consumers with high quality products .
but if most of these plants are seeking high prophit making then sometimes they wo n't be aware that their marketing policies are un - efficient .
or un rational .

It does n't make sense whan we blame the companies marketing policies perse ' specially in a wide market crowded with competing companies and firms marketing the same product .
therefor , ureasonable means for marketing a poducts will start to emerge and some times does'nt work for the adnantage of the company .
wich will derive a company to spend a fortune on an advertisement just to convince the consumer to buy the project .

What is common among advertisement that some of prior comanies adopted the Idea of using a celebrety as face for markiting a project .
through the media and the advancement in proadcasting ticnology this type of advertisement tend to amazingly succeed and cover up the prducts faliur or to gain more prophit
I do not agree that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Because I do not want to waste my money I earned to work hard and ask for quolity of products .
Because the products I buy is related to my life .
If goods is worse than they really are , it affect my life .

For example , I often purchase goods such as books or DVD on the internet shop .
However , I sometimes disapear goods I bought because they are so old and dirty .
So , I will not use them for a long time .

When I think of buying electical products , I need durable goods .
So , if advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , I disapear and must change it soon .
The other example , when I bought foods , it is bad taste and too expensive .

If i bought inferior goods , I waste monney I earned .
I work hard everyday so I want to spend my money on my profit .
There are two reasons that traveling in a group led by a tour guide is best way : safty and professional .
First , traveling in a group led by a tour is best way because a tour guide can save us .
They can prevent most troubles while tourists travel .
For example , when I went on trip led by a tour guide , I walked in a circle because I was very interested in shooping .
However , my tour guide found me immedietery .
Another benefit of traveling led by at our guide is the tour guide is professional of travel .
Most tourists are not familiar with the place where they trip , and they do not know how to access .
it is convinience to ask the tourguide wich location should visit , or wich airplane is cheepest because the tour guide is expert of traveling , and familiar to the place where tourist travel .
Also , the tour guide can tell tuorist what tourist should bring for their trip .
In my case , I travelled Cambodia alone , and I had spended many time for serching information about Cambodia .
Also , I realized that I left many useful materials , such as a fan , in Japan after I arrived in Cambodia because I did not know what should I bring .
In conclusion , traveling led by guide is g
I agree that the most advertisemnets are actaully making products seem to be much better than they really are .
One of the reasons which it makes are when the marketing systems are covered up with larger and better advertisements , then people will buy them more and more that makes the higher protests and so as their companies and also stores .
The other reason is in our lives almost commercials are making people to think of something or buying depends , so each commercials are trying to catch your eyes and catch your attention , and that is why many companies in thesedays are saying only good things and showing out too much lies because of making more money .

I really do n't understand how this society has become like this , liyng just for money and always people talks about bills how it goes all those kind of stuff .
What if people figures out that , they wo n't buy products anymore because thier quility is n't good and it 's diffrent than what commercial saying .
However then comanies will make better advertisements to catch their attention again and when people do n't buy those products anymore then they will be doing samething again , over and over .

As i said .
Yes i do agree for this statement and therefore to me companies should make fair and true advertisements so the society can stop wasting money on bad products by covered up advertisements .
I am agree with the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
Actually most advertisements can help people that have any kind of problem to see this in another way .
This can help people not also for the really means of this advertisements but also , and over it , for the reaction that they create in the mind of the people that heard their .

For this reason the advertisements make products seem better than they really are , because every person that heards advertisements thinks on this one and interpreter this one in the way that he prefer .
I am agree with the young people enjoy more the life that the older people .
Young people can have more information about different activities that take place in the city where they are living .
Young people has internet , it means that they can rich information about events , concert , outside activities , ect .
Also , they are more concious about eat healthy , sllep well and eunoght time , they know that if you practic any sport you will be able to work with more energy that you optend whend you practice an sport because is no more stress in your body .
Actually , young people can find so many diferrent sport activities that can brind to them a work up where cardio work would be covert , also all the mussels of them bodies .
Morover , all this extrem sport that the young peoplel are practicing can be a risk for them because can produce a big accident with a bad consequences .
This sports give to the person that is doing a hight douse of adrenalin that make the boby feel somenthing that can get from another thing .
It means that the sensatin that those sports can produce could n't be comparet with any other sport .

In conclusion , i think practices extren sport can give to you a satisfastion .
I stroungly think that came help you your body to be healthy because you are putting a sustan un your body that keep your braind alert .
Thus is really importan that the young people practic the extrem sport but wiht resposability because if they do this whitout protection and they do n't fallow al the rules so many unhappy consecuens can happen , Practic this sport save can be the big different between life or dead , Consecuence that can change them life and sometimes other life .
I believed successful people are always try new things and take risk rater than only doing what they already know it .
Somehow successful people are always try to create the new things to let them to be sussessful .
Therefore , mony people are usually doing things same they usually do such like jod , habies , even sport .

First , people have jod are usually have the smalily then they were educaed subject in the college which they already perpared for the jod that they are going to do .
However , people did n't change jod too much once they were get used to on they own jod , so that is why people make different types money and how suessful their will be .
Therefore , people were being successful it is because they knew how to change their life by change their own jod .
Often people try to go to school like counmmitry college again , either by learn themself from book even they were elder adults .

In other way they might just by asked other people their own expenince make a ilttle change to fit in nowsday 's socity .
It usually makes them to be more postive to do it .
Somtines people change their habies because it is just papuler for now and it is not really sure about later day or another time what is would be .

Finaly , people were being successful or not is depen on what is your personal atetivies .
Somehow people sucessful just for their own good , but many of other successful people I think will probably pay back for the socity , so i still believed people suessful is not just for thier own good is for every one in the would .
In my point of view , old peolpe are more happy of there life than young people .
There are three reasons to this opinion .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
Then you study you have all the stress of the examination .
Furthermore , it 's in this perdiod of life that you have to decidate of your future and you know it .
You are conscient that all your decision will have a very big effect on your avenir .

Second , older persons are more able to appreciate than the young generation .
The oldest genaration have experience so they are more able to take in account what happen .
They already achive something in there life so this people are more confidente .
For exemple , when a 18 years old man felt in love we certanly not realise the chance that he have .
On the over hand a 45 years old man realise exactly the chance that he have when he is in love .

Finaly , although some people think that because students make more party they enjoy more there time .
It 's well know that alcool , who is to much drunk at this party , covert only the problems of this persons .

In conclusion , I will said that because of the too stressful situation that is accepted with alcool and the security and experience of old generation ; young people do n't enjoy life more than the older people do .
This statment illustrate the advertising policy issue whitch I personally agree with .

First , in our society of `` mass consommation '' , the economy is ruled by the profit implying that all measures are goods to increase benefits .
Thus it is always a relevent manner to make seem a product better than he really is by a `` lyar '' advertisements .
For example , MC Donnald always showes on adevertisement above the cashier better than they really are in their boxes when they are serviced .

Secondly , the successfull of a product is to attract costumers .
Whatesoever is the product , its advertissement have to appear better than the product is .
Beasides , if the advertissement on the product is a `` flop '' , the company who has lauched this one might lost a lot of money .
Futhermore profit 's policy that governs company 's behaviour imply to make a product seem much better than it really is .

Finally this behaviour has for result to create a fake image of the product in the customers minds .
Thus creating a legal frame work on advertissement should prevent this kind of lying advertissements and protected , in the same time , custumers .
I think the successful man like takes risks , they also likes to try new things .
May be the new things they don not like , but they believe nothing is impossible in the world .
The more people like chanllage themselve , the more opportunities become soon .
Although they become hurt themselevesAfter the challage , you will find different world around you .

My father is a teacher , he likes try different things .
He is a chemical teacher , he often asks his students take more try after class .
Not only review the knowledge , but also learne new knowledge during the time .
One day his student discover the new chemical odd , he asked his teacher , his teacher told him the name of the chemical thing , this is a new discovery .
After the day pass , the student become a chemical professor .
He become a successful person .

Do you know how discover the New America land ?
Since you know , the people called Glunbo brought his boat and map through the big Ocean .
What happened next ?
The new land they have found .
This is the new world appear , very beatiful .
If Glunbo did not took risk , if he gave up during the trip , maybe the New America land did not discovery until today .
The success comes from take risk .

I think I am a like take risk , I like climb the hill .
the higher the better .
One day , my friend and I climbed the high mountain .
In the half way , my friend gave up , he feeled tired .
But I continuted to climbe .
After I climbed the top of the hill , I found other view in my eyes , I am very happy and excied .
The air is clean and many birds fly beside me .

All in all , take risks and challage yourself , you will found other beautiful world and different mood around you .
You can take step near the success .
People how successed for trying new thing have good sence of what they are doning .
it 's not eassy to star now thing because you dont know the result , so in order to be successful need to be breave , applitiy to evaluate , and have the applity to expore new thing been breave in buissness is not eassy like it seem , because you know that it 's risky .
Particuallry , when you start new thing and there is no one have done it before .
That make you think again and again before taking the first step and also hard decetion because you might loose you money that you invested on it Other thing , that need more attention which the applility to evaluate the sitauation and decide which way is more liky to go depending on your evaluation and how you can read the expect what will happen next .
like if you have some kind of food and the price it went down what you will do ?
you may take it to other place so you can have better price or destroyed in order to have hight price .
it all depend on you evaluation and you value about the situation .

to be successful for tring to do new thing ned to have applity to e
I agree that it is more important for student to understand ideas and conceptions .

First , understanding ideas and conception impact on their behavior and whole lifes at this time .
It is clear that they
There is an old saying that if you can not be the best be the best of what you are Which i thing true if you concern the acedemic conditions poeple living in Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects may have advantages as far as technical or culturel any other knowledge but it may leave you directionless and without a view of future planning What if you have 3 diplomas and no job Simple but interesting argument You might be the most intellectual person on the planet Will it serve any purpose I dont think so if you have spent all those years studying examining or academically active True there is an aspect of personal indulgence but that is a rare case in my opinion For example you may have the information ability and resource to build a space craft Will you be able to pilot it or is it sense building it or flying that motivates one It is hard to answer but i would say the way you best is the shortest way when you consider someone spending years learning all that knowledge without feeling not even a small desire to fly For someone who specialised in one specific subject for example a mechanical engineer It is easier to appreciate the things he or she might accomplish That person will surely know devotion to his or her job or field of experty all because of one thing That person will keep everthing on a personal level knowing that someone else is doing something else important at very same level of concentration at something like a research or a development There are exceptions of course like the modern geniuses like Einstein but do we all have that leve of iq Is it safe the concertrate on everything rather than one thing at the point you are giving your live a direction No one wants be left without out a vision because he or she have too many before they realise that they have to make a choice
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' , this what some people said .
and there are anothers say the oppist .

Some of people said that , and they confidance because they have alot of reason .
Firstlly , they say that because in the fuater the people will use the modern vichles , but it is not like a car , but like a small plane .
Secondlly , in the fuater make alot of train station , and this will replace the cars .

In another hand , they are who say in the fuater the cars will be increase .
have a opinion and it is because in the fuater came alot of torrism and that will make problem in the street .

And my opinion it is like the people who say `` this statment not correct '' , because by the time the people increase .
and this statment impposible .
and now we see alot of cars around us .
what about after twenty years .
Do the young people enjoy life more than older people ?
My answer is exactly no beacuse of two reasons ; One of the reasons is that the life is so hard to understand to young people because of their lack of experiment and education .
And the understanding the life can raise the taste that you take from it .

The other reasons is that you can know about yourself much when you get older , and if a person knows about himself/herself enough , this maturity gives him/her a chance to rule on him/her life in a more correct way , so they can enjoy their life more than the others .

Knowledge about life and about ourselves .
I think that they are the keys of happinies .
Socrat , the famous greek philosopher , says that `` know him/herself '' .
I think this advise is explain the most important thing in humans life .
It is debatable whether cars are caused air pollution .
Some people say that they want to reduce our country 's cars because our country becomes serious pollution more and more .
However , I not agree with that cars are increasing because if will be fewer cars in use , we are not comfortable to traffic .
Also , today 's cars are using to decorate .

First of all , cars are not decrease for comfortable advanced-traffic .
People usually take the bus , subway in country but we do not go anyway without cars .
Furthermore , the more better our country than several years ago , engineerings will make the better fuel than using fuel now .
Thus , regarding about their worry which air pollution is worst , cars are not decrease in use .
For example , When I went to my grandmother 's home with my family .
My grandmother 's home

Also , nowadays most cars use decorating becuase technoloy continue development more and more our country .
So , today 's cars have various types and are very pretty and wonderful .
Some people use beautiful cars use decoration .
I agree with this statement .
I have 3point about that reason .
first , a group led by a tour guide travel can go famous spot in visited country .
second , as travel can feel happy together with tlaveling frends .
therd , as travel can travel in low cost .
If it travel in a person , it is high risk .
becouse support is nothing .
also native luangege must get .
I
Now-a-days the generation has been changed to compare of previous days , because now people are thinking in a fast generation that they created life in a busy manner .
Coming to the topic about the `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their comminties '' .
So , According to the topic the people are in a way of helping the communities according to the willing ness of their availability .
some people helping and some other people not helping because they are having some problems in their life .
According to the Young people they are having so many problems compared to the other people , why in the sence means ? .
Some young people may studying are doing bussiness are some other in their part of life , so that the studying people have to go school , college , and some other courses they are doing like dancing , learning music , etc .

So they are in busy of their life in that if any one having to do the helping nature for old communities , poor people and blind people etc , they will be allocating some time for this kind of issues .
so that some people may be helping may not be helping .

Most of the young people in nowadays they are helping for the society and for the communities .
All the young people in the age of 15-25 they are helping for the several communities .
By doing the collecting funds for the people who lost their houses in the earthquakes , floods , etc .
Not even money also they are collecting and donating the cloths and the most needs for the people , In school the children doing lots of the things for their nation and for school development .

So that i will agree most of the students or the young people spending thier time in social activities and helping the old communities .
And also we have to agree for the young people who are not helping for the communities in several reasons like , not feeling healthy , etc .
And they will be help in any part of the future life .

So according to the topic i will agree the most young people are helping for several communities in different manner .
I am disagree with this statement .
If you learn with statements it will be more simple to learn and archieve in the mind .
You can learn for what you need that for , see what is the important to learn , situations , will not be only ideas , concepts and theory .
It will be more fun for students .

When a math teacher give the class the students dont know for what they have to learn that thay always say is `` for what i need to learn that i dont going to be a CPA '' .
But if they teach the kids the facts for what the need to learn that , the importance to need that to be someone in the world .
They only learn the concepts take the exams get an A and then what .
They go out to difficult world without knowing for what they are going to use the concepts .

That is one of the big problems of the US nation , what I 'm going to study now ? .
Millions of students graduate every year without knowing what they are going to study .
Brilliant students working in foodcourts , why ?
because they know to much they graduate with 4.00 points but they dont know where to go know .

That orientation does n't exist , thats why I think that the best way to a student can learn is by facts , so he can know before he goes out from school in what he is good for .
I agree with this statement .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do becouse they have no problems , or at least very smalls one to compare with olders , that make them tired .
In fact , if we stop now thinking about their simple day , we can observe that they have no other thing to do enjoying themselves .
On the contrary , older people have too many problems and things to do during their simple day as work , children , parking , traffic and a hundreds else .
In my particular case , i live alone in Milano and i have to do a thousands things all the day so i can-t leave time to relax myself with the consequences that i-m often tired and i never smile .

I clearly remember when i was young and how the days run speedly with no problem , but it is live .
I think that we have to re-discover the young there is in all of us because it is the only way to become a smily person < and i believe that it is possible staying closely with youngs - life .

I think that they possess the correct kind to live the life , the only one we lost when we are young .
yes ofcource i agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because my best friend named vamshi he used to ride the cycle by sitting at any place on the cycle with out any problem and the people around him used to appeciate his talent and he is only one who used the cycle in differend way in that surrounding area and he made some stunts in some telivision programms then after he also wants to be successful in the bike riding and he had practice with the bike with lot of risk , later on he got the tremondus name in the bike riding also .
And finally he also wanted to be successful in the car riding also finally he achieved the success of new thing and took risk rather than only doing what he already know .
he showed what his talent is and what he can do , and he proved that man can do any thing for the success whether it is risk or dangerous he will not not care any thing for success , so finally i agree with the following statement
The question that `` youg people enjoy life more than oder people do ? '' isn t right at all .
I mean some old people enjoy their life also .
On the one hand young people are younger their body do everytihng what tehy want to do .
But on the other Hand young people don t do the right things that helps their to live longer .
For example they smoke more than older people , because it seems cool .
And usually they take drukes and often they drink more .
These are all thing which shows that young people enjoy their life .
But it isn t so , I mean when young people do that they want to go more to the death and they aren t enjoy their life they make it smaller .
In opposite of the younger people older people enjoy their live , too .
But not like the younger it do .
They cannot do much more things , because they have families and a job .
They want to live for their family .
They must work to get money to buy foods and some other needs .
They must show their children that they are good parents that do everything for their families .
But I mean , no I think , that oder people do the same thing like the younger people in their past .
We can that both are , I mean older people and the younger people , enjoying their life .
The older people do it in the past and the younger people do it now .
For me is enjoying the live very important , because when someone enjoy his life , he can say in future that he miss his past .
He can ask his children the past of his live and he can say his children what to do in some situations .
It s like the history , but of the personility of one human .
I think that I enjoy my life but not more than my father it did , because we live in modern time , nothing happens at tis time .
But at the time wher my father was younger there happens so many things .
The world have change at that time , for example computers were made and other things .
I hope that I enjoy my life in the Future .
I disagree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I think that using well One specipic subject is useful .
We develop one subject .
Studies make many Knowledge .
So one subject is we become deep studing .
Various thinking become knowledge .

But , If we have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we will make nomal student .
We have only information .
One special subject is that student make thinking .
Also , it is important .
I strongly agree with that steatement .
In my opinion it is the best way to travel , you will make new friend , explore the nature and experience people difference point of view .

I never experience to tralvel with a group led by a tour guide before , but my husband and I toke the chrildren to new york city last year for christmas , we had so muth fan , it was so amazing how they all was asking question at the same time none stop , we have a familly of six , my oldest dauther she 's a hair specialist and a makup artist
Nowadays , we can see meny advatiseents anytime , anywhere on an internet , Tv programa , magazines .
We can get imformation easily than before .
This opporunity make us interesting to know about everything such as product which is comming the next .
Also when we get informations , we see advertizements .
Depends on the information , we deside to buy some new products or not to buy them .
Advertizements are very important for saleing products .

I agree this statement because advertisement is exsisted for giving information for people , it could be face of product and advertisenments are designed for saleing product more and more .

First of all , beside tecnical inprovement , meny advertisements quality are improving .
Using CG , beautiful color of pictures , advatisements can give grate information to costomer .
When we buy products , we rely on advertizement .
When we see the good poster , we assume that the product is very valueble .
I think that when advertisement is good enough , the product company spend a lot of money to show everyone how wonderful this product is .

Second , advertisement relate product deeply .
Recently , I feel that people who want to buy new staff , they focus on quolity of matelial also design strongly .
Advertisement could be the product face and it give them special impression on product .
It makes them want to buy product .

Fimally , There are increacing of desiner and meny customer focus on design than befores genelation .
It means that , Advertisement is going to be key how much attention can the
I disagree with the statement that `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' When people were young , they have a lot of dreams .
`` I wanna be an astronamer , a teacher , a musician , a painter '' , and so on .
They have a lot of dreams .
so , they make effort , compete with others .
In that age , they have no idea to die , even though commit suicide .
Their life is fullfilled with joy , delight , hope , or the future .

For financial ground , they have not to feed their child ( of couse , they have no child ! ) , they have not to cook , they have not to , they have not to , ...
they can only do what they want !!

When they get adult , they must work .
This is the most important , and relactant thing .
People say `` Enjoy working '' , but they say that because they have no way out from boring life .

Get old means know what who do not want to .
so , I agree the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do ''

thanks for TOEFL iBT !
There might be different argument regarding whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Personally , I agree with the statement for the following reasons .
The car is crucial for surviving and succeeding .
As well , it can lead fruitful and happy lives .

First , the car is essential for survival and success in today 's society .
In general , most salespeople admit the fact that they are promoted faster due to their talent for the car .
I completely disagree to the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for 3 reasons .
First , I often see many products written `` No Fat '' or `` No Chemical '' on the paccages .
When I bought some pack of yogult written `` No Fat '' on their paccages and ate one of them , I felt that it was too sweet to eat and it must contain fat .

Second , the advertisements want to increase benefit .
If they put some words that fascinate consumers on their products , the consumers would buy them ; even though , those words are actually not real .
Especially for the consumers who are interested in health or environment .

Finally , many consumers always try to buy better products .
The advertisements know that , so they put fascinative words on the paccage .
These are because that I think the advertisements do n't make better products than they really are .
I want to them to make the believable products .
`` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' yes , It is correct because due the development of the country .
In the olden day is no such type of facilities which we are enjoying in this days .

Young people will enjoy a much because the parents were being the educated people .
Now a day the generation is also little bit faster than the previous generation the main reason is the due to increasing the development in the cities .

Young people were enjoying a lot with the help of new technology , people were enjoying life with there needs and the people were learning the education with the happiest way .

In olden days there is no proper education to learn and people were educated a little thepeople were satisfied with there education .
But the young people were not compromising in the education so that the they are studying upto the graduation or more .

young people were enjoying the life with there education , people that they are enjoying with the education and they were enjoying other activities also like sports .
entertainment etc. according to my view that the young people were enjoying inall aspects more then the older people .
I agree that the Young people were there life more than older people .
they are ejoying in the all activities which are available in the world .
even though that the people were enjoying and they were take the good education also .
the enjoyment is not a bad habit .
There are different way for People traveling .
Travel is in a group led by a tour guide is one of ways , which advantage are more convenient and more cheap , people can do not every thing , just follow in the group led by a tourguide , but disadvantage is on free no choice , people can not play and travel which they want .
so I am not agree with the following statement that is the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

I think people traveling for relaxs and make self happy .
people work long time want to travel , maybe with friends or boyfriend or girlfriend , I think they want have spaces of self , want have free or choice of self .
like me , when in my holiday , I want travel with my boy friend , I want have spaces of us , I want have a remantic traveling , however , if we are traveling in a group led by a tour guide , will has another people in my spaces .
I think we will nit happy .

And some travelers like traveling by self and travel to alot of place or countries , but some time tour guide don not have the group which the travelers ' want , so will make the traveler spend long time in check in the group for travelling .
travelers will mistake good chance and time to the places or country where they most want to go .

Hence , from above I statement , travel is in a group led by a tour guide is a good a way , but not best way , sometime people can choice the way according the need and like .
thus I think trave is in a group led by tour guide is not best way .
I think young people enjoyed there life because young people can play can go were they want and they can buy toys books .
The old people ca n't because they walk solly and they can not say properly and some people need to help them walk but i ca n't say that because they are older than us .
I agree with the idea that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are two reasons .
First , if you have acquired broad knowledge of many academic subjects while you were a student , it would help you to chose your future job .
If the job you want to have needs specialized knowledge you will be able to study in one specific subject .

Second , if you have broad knowledge , it enables to cope with a lot of situation in real society .
For these reasons , I agree with the idea that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
My subject important is the stronomy .

In fact , astronomy is very huge .
there are a lotof galaxies .
In each galaxy there are several stars .
The sun is the sular system .
The sun has nine planets .
The planets are pulled into the sun by power of gravity .

Astronomy is very big and larg that we can not recognize to easilly .
Some people want to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , while others like to socialize in one specific subject .
It is interesting to discuss whic way is better .
Some people may have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
As for me , however , I agree the specializing one specific subject for the following two reason : we can not only focus on the one specific subject but also have opportunity of excellent job .

Firstly , When I study in one significant subject , I can have important and detail information than have broaden knowledge of many academic subjects .
I do not have to waste time about the vast academic subjects .

In addition , If I study specific subject , I can have good job opportunity .
During the study about specific subject , I can have ready for presentation about job .

In conclusion , I agree with the specialize in one specific subject because of focus on the one specific subject and excellent job opportunity .
i agree that it is very important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts for many reasons .

first , when they are understanding what they told , it is easy for them to keep it in thier mind and to memorised it .

secondlly , they can compare and contrast between things easily .

also , they can pass what ever they have learnd to others easily .

morover , they can create some new things with practice with time .

when they understand what they learnd it can help them to pass the next years of studdy without serious problems and diffeculties .

in summary , it is a major thing to a student to understand ideas and concepts discussed at classes to his/her own bebefit and to get higher grades .
and to succses at thier work fields .
I agree with the point that is successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do as well .
Firstly , the people who likes to explore can learn more about something news than do the old things or repite same things people .
Though the explore things , you can find the thing which you never have been seen or do it , and you will love to the world .
Because you find something which you do n't knew .
It called knowledges .
Yeah , the world is wonderful , if you do not believe that , the only things you lost is your heart .
It means you have n't bold .

Secondly , there was impossible that the people who knows everything .
People is not God , and God will not help the man who would not do anything .
You maybe knows one thing or few things more than others , others may know others things than you in truthly .

people learned things from books , TVs , newspapers , computers , etc .
So the knowledges are limits things .
You can though you explore eyes , your hot heart , your heathly bodies , to try , to find , to do the things which is fine , is worth to do .

Last but not least , people do the things and get successful is not easy things .
You must try you best to do this .
You do n't sit a nice place and wish i could be successful .
Everyone Wish himself or herself is a successful man or woman .
If you are just think about it , and not pay your action , your time , your power , it could become unsuccessful .
The man is impossible got know everything , If there is a man who knows everything , it must be from his expriense .
Where can we get from ?
Yap , try your best to try new things , form it , you will be grow up .
Let us try .
The role of a student is learn as much as possible from olders ideas to create is own ones .
Then he need to relate that idea with an older idea to learn it .
But to do that is important understand the concepts that gave origin to that idea .
Because the idea is based in concepts that are observed due to an especific situation .
For example if we want to create a research projects we motivate our studies due to the knowledge that we obtain from book or past research .
But the idea that was create due to that knowledges are base in similaritites that we observed or some facts that are present in the area of interest .
So , for that reason I think an student need to learn but more important is understand the facts that form those concepts but mo For that reason I disagree with the statement presented here .
The Key Of Success

All of us in this life are watching for success because these word means a lot for our societies , it is the key for acheiving all our objectives that we want to make it real and taingable , so all what we want to say is to be more risky and to inovate our ideas to be the one 's who need to succeed in their life .

First of all in my opinion there is no taste for the life without success , and as we said before success need risky .
So to make your life more tasty and more fantastic you must always be risky in your work life and also in your society ...
taking risk helps you as a person to know your knowledge to do these job that you take risk in it ...

Second , to be risky you must know how to take your decsion , it means not to be risky in all things , because it could be dangerous for you to be risky at all .
So you must know how to get your opportunity and then you will take a decsion in taking the risk in doing this kind of work .

At this time you will know the taste of succeed by knowing when and where i might to be risky or not ...

Third some people dont accept themselves to be risky because they think that this kinds of work are based on the imagination , and they believe only in taingable thing or in real things that found in their hands so they dont try to improve their opportunity to succeed more and more in thier life .

At the end i want to say that life without success is nothing , and success without risky is also nothing .
so this two elements are related to each other .
So to acheive our goals and also to increase our opportunity we must be more creative and more risky .
Traveling to a new country or location is always comon thing to do to take out the stress of the daily life and routines .
Even thoug the idea of traveling in a group led by a tour guide sound good , I think is not a good idea .

first one , traveling with a grup led by a tour guide is a limitation to our ability to move quicly and our desire to explore more places .
for example , there may be eldelery travelers which may cause a slow movements due to their unability to walk fast .

On the other hand , traveling in tour guided croup is expensive .
It would be better to use the money to enjoy traveling by buying some souvenirs than will saty a
In twenty years there wull be fewer cars in use tjan there are today .
As far as I am concerned .
I disagree with the statement because I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today is a good .
The cars is a important in we life .
We used cars is many years .
Cars give we have a quitly .

First of all the many people have a car , and many people have naad car go to doing everything .
For example we have by car take to a trip .
Moreover the car can give we go to diffirence trip .
Give we have have a good trip funny
.

In addition the porson have a car .
Theyself can have a time .
Everytime go to there is Ok .
For instance many porson go to school they can weting the bus .
Furthermore have a car not weting the bus .
Weting the bus is hot so good .

In summary I think have a cars have a good time give myself .
I can go to everything .
Go to a trip with my perence togater .
Furthermore have a car not weight bus .
SO I disagree with the statemant In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Some people believe that young people is helping their communities nowadays .
But I think those activities are fewer than before .
My primary reason is that our communications with neighbors are less frequent especially in the urban area .
Highly civilization of cities allowed us to live without neighbors .
For instance , when children get injured in the evening , we are able to get some medicine in a convenience store .
There are no nesessities to be helped by the community .

Also , the oppotunities young people make conversations with their community members are gradually decreasing .
As they have to study at private schools or in their own room , they do not have enough time to go outside to make communications with their neibors .

Considering all the above factors , I conclude that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Although helping their communities are sometimes strong in rural area , those activities are totally getting rare .
I agree with this statement .
In my opinion , if you want to be successful in your live , you have to take some risks on several moments .

For example , people who only do things that they know it always go well usually do n't settle for changing their job .
Because of that , they can lose a magnifical ocassion for getting a best job and also for earning more money .

On the other hand , on numerous ocassions successful people start new bussiness although they are not sure they will go well .
But , they do n't bother doing that because they usually are very positive people .
Even things do n't go too well , this kind of people can see the positive side of things .

In contrast , taking too risks have also some drawbacks .
Before taking an important decission we have to think slowly about all things and risks it has .
We must be very careful with our money and with the people who love and do n't take risk with them .
If we always take decissions quickly perhaps some day we will have problems .
According my opinion are both necessary , in this century .

To answer the question is necessary , previously , to explain better the issue , because the mainly topic , according my attitude , is what you want to do in your life , what is your porpuse , who want to become .
Everything will change consequently .

Therefore , if you want an easy life , not much complicated , taking the first job that you find , you mus n't have a specific knowledge , but if you have one general , that 's right .

On the other hand , whether you want to go to the `` top '' , in this case , it 's not enought a general knowledge but is much better if you have a specialize , to have a personal specialization , to be unique , to be different to the other .
Such you will have more possibility to realize your dreams .

In conclusion , according my life porpuse I disagree with that statement but sumirize it depends by your schedule 's life , your dreams , your choice 's life .
Each person is different and it 's the beauty of the life !!!

Take your choice , take your life such you make your life .
i agree because , cause their success , some egocentric people think that they can do everything , and without experience , they take experiments in other sectors .
This approach it cuold be dangerous because if people do n't plan their business , they could have financial problem caused by activities ' hazzard .

However many succesfully-business people must try new things and take risks because the business sectors continually evolved and if you have n't avanguardian tecnologies for the production and always new ideas to throw on the market , it could happen that you must close your activity .

Taking risks is an aspect that many economiests studies , because risk has a stimulative effect , so if worker feels stimulated himself he produces better .
With this conception succesfull people take often risks so they feel to have more responsabilities than normal people and also they feel stimulated themeselves to do better and better .

taking risks is a conseguence of the `` free deal ''
This time we are living at competition world .
Which means everyone has challenging each other .
Absoluly there is the winner or loser in the competitions .
But when that person heard some ` good job ' or somethings like good advertisements , that person get more power and more progress than that person 's own abillity .

Firstly , do not say bad things about that situation , when someone gor bad situation .
Because their already knows they did bad job , but if some person keep telling you did bad job , you mess up everything , the person who made a bad situation , get more sadly and not powerful enough to try again .
For example , old people says failure is mother of success .
which means if you made mistake , you will know that situation and how to get out of that situation , like answers .
Then next time when you gaet that same bad situation , you donot have to spend time foe thinking about get out of that bad situations .
So they can success next time .
So if make more advertisements to who fail something , that failer going to be make more good jor next time over their own abillities .

Secondly , advertisements , that is one of the way to looking good for the products .
For example , some products are very not useful and not help enough .
But if that products has advertisements , that products seem much betterthat they really are .
Because it is like feedback for people .
make a rumor , this products are really good , than people going to throuw away the bad think about that products from their mind .
And they will think like , this products are much better than they know before .

Thirdly , advertisements make products more trustly .
For example , this time of the century , people believing people 's talk .
Nevertheless some people doesnot .
But almost people believe and trust each other their own word and rumors .
So if people make rumors about the product so trustly , then the products going to seem much tustly than they really are .
So I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

In conclusion , rumors , or in people 's conversations , it makes more trust or seem good to peoples for the products .
and I toally agree about most advertisements make products seem much better and truster than they really are .
they can seem their over abillities .
in my opinion i agree with this statment becuase i belived the yong people enjoy life morethan older people for many reasons .
the importants are the agge and the think .

first of all .
the age .
when you yong you can play any thing or sports like football .
but when you are old you cant , becuase your bones are not strong like when you yong .

secondly .
the mind or the think is deferent when you yong you just think about fun , but when you get older you will think about the real thing like your sheldrens or jop or how to be arich man like this .
moreover you think how to rise the kides .

finally in my opinion i beliave the young people enjoy more than older people .
ads

Making the productes seem much better than waht really they are is become very commen latly .
Diseave the people by shooing them a very nice shape of a productes , is one of the most technec which used to sell the material .
for instance , when you go to the grusary store , you will see alot of beatufll cans of sudas and tastes grate .
in the other hand , no one comprehande what the result of drinkink this .
For sure , those are totaly unhealthy products .
they are doing that for several resons .

the frist reson is , making the advertising is not easy as what the people think .
it is too difucalt and the company which prduce the producte payed a lot , in order to have a good advertisments to hook the people attention to their proudect .
Besides , they wo n't lose their mony in short and selly avdertising , because this might affcte in the prodact negativly .

the second reson , selling the bad productes usually needs a very stronge advertisment , which might incloded a beatufll girls .
If i were a company owner and the producte of my company has been dicreasing the advertisment is the only way to improve the seal of my productes .
However , the truth is my productes are bad .

In summary , `` the advertising in the air '' this experisen explane how does the advertising are very nissecary in our live latly .
and the advertismente could be used in eather ways in good or bad .
it depance on the persone fathe .
Success lies in what you have thought of and the respective positive outcome .
Success is a phenomenon usually that should be developed by each and every individual .
Success reflects the idea of the man in his behavior .
Success should always come taking on new things in life .

To say perfectly a sucessful person is one who succeds in trying out new things and plans .
Trying out new things is definetly related with risk taking .
As complicated the plan will be risk accosiated with it will also be high .
Its not great on implementing the older ideas but to go on for self associated ideas .
Fear for failure should not be associated otherwise it will reflect on your work .

For example if scientists does not go for newly generated ideas many familiar inventions wuold not have been possible .
Such as computers , cellphones , telivisions etc.the amount of risk associated with it is also high .
If suppose if a batsman thinks of hitting a six as a risk then he ca n't ever succed in his life .
Accordingly if he plays without fear many milestones would be crossed by him .
So both name and fame will be associated with him through out his life .

So generation of new ideas and the amount of risk associated with it gives greater chance to develop in life .
This not only supports for development in life but also raises respect for us in the human society .
Majorly successful people are recognised due to implementation of their own ideas and the risk associated with it .
Instead many people want to succed copying other ideas and implementing on the well known fact .
But success counts on new ideas and the risk factor .
Hence success accuont on the people who work hard to succed which is reflected in their ideas .
Some peple trust the advertisment that is real .
Sometimes it 's not ture In my opinion .
SoI agree that most advertisements make poducuts seem much better than they really are .
I have tow reasons .

The first reason why is I do n't belive the comercial on TV .
I think some comercial said make a story that it 's not ture .
For example , I watch the seans about first food .
They said that is fresh vegetable and showing big meat .
It seems not like a junkfoods .
It seems really good apatize .
Though someday I visited there to eat .
Unfortunantry , It was not like on TV .
It was just humberger .
They do n't have a big meat like on TV .
Moreovre it was not fresh vegetable .
I was very frustrated .
Thus , I do n't want to tust the kind of advertisement .
I belive that we need to see before to try some fistfood .
And we are supoused to hear a suggestion from before
I disagree with the statement because It is not allways true .
Infact there are many young people that do not know the real meaning of `` enjoy life '' .
They like drink alchool and smoke or take drugs .
This two things are all that they would like to enjoy their life .
But I know many old people that know what it is the felicity .
Firstly they appreciate the slowly of life , the kindness and the importance of friends .
They know the meaning of drink a tea whit friends .
Also they can dancing an walking like nobody know .
Lastly they know the meaning of life , but If it is not true anyway they will know how enjoy their life !

According to a magazines in the future there will more old people than young people .
I think that it will be good because If the old people know how enjoy life , all the world will be happy .

There are , also , a lot of cultural difference between people .
For this reason it is impossible to know how the world will be .
If you have a zero cultural backgound and you live in a country you will know the felicity , but if you have a kind knowledge that it is not complete you will unhappy .
In both of this two examples you do not know your grade of happyness
I do not think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are two main reasons to support my oppinions .
When people thnk about future of the car , many of they might be think about the oil problem .
Actually oil price is geeting higher and higher in theses days and some analysits say that all the oil we have now will be gone next 50 years .
But we can not ignore about ability of the new technology .
Not only Japanse car company but also all of the world company are fascinating to creat new car which is not depend on oil enagy .
Soura cars and car running by the power of Hydrogion .
And aols new enagy is realized now .
For example in Brazil they get the enagy from the plants .

Other reason is that we are so depend on car life .
Weuse car every day .
We ca n't live without car .
Especially United States , country is too learge so that other trnsportation is not be devepoed enough .
In Jaapan people are also depend on car life .
To tell the truth , legs of humans are cars .
So we will never be able to say good bay to the car .

I think it 's sad thing that we are so depend on car life .
But I also think we can creat much better car to us and to the environment after twenty years .
So that I think there will be not fewer cars in use than there are today .
I think it can be increased .
I agree with the statement .
Because many young people recently do not take part in their communities .
They are not interested in their communities and society .
I think they do not like boring task and anything that they can not get merit .
They feel troblesome and they want to enjoy doing more anyting else than helping their communities .
They may not like that they communicate with anybody .
Now we have all information around us .
Actual education sistemsm present differents forms to learn , one form is the next tesis `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ''

I thing that is a true concept becouse when you see the new students the knowlest is the memory but the analisis is low .
Furthermore the word changed very fast and the future need people whit good ideas and concept becouse the decision depentd tah this analisis .

If you think in the pats remember for example Socrates , he saw around him and analized the situation , he worked in development his ideas for gif to the human concepts .

In the education sistems is necesari thinking what is the best for the world becose if people study is for tha is important the knowlest , and the future contribution in all place and contex , whit the family , whit the work , whit the friends , whit the society .

In conclusion the mos important in the education is undertand the ideas y concepts becouse people develoment more their knowlest
In my opinion the enjoymanet of young people are more than thats for older people , because young people dont have a lot of ressponsibilities during the youth period such as that upon older people which include home loans , taxes , bills ...
etc .
Also youth always appear interested in parties and week end journies done by their friends , On other hand old people prefer stability , comfort and money savings .

The youth always like traveling and changing its life routine which he assume a killing factor for his social relations that spent a lot of time producing them .
while the older people prefer routine and reacts against changes of their life style what ever it was .

According to the long experince of older people , their are more many things in life than enjoy , for example health , security which appears meanless for the youth .
Those they have attendance to keep in track for much more time to benefit from each second of the life .

Finally , according to the prementioned factors , older people have less enjoy than young people , and thats clear from the saying ( eat to live or live to eat ) which best illustrate the difference between this two kind of human beings .
I may agree with the statement or may desagree .
The enjoying in life depends of young people and older , like elderly people .

Young people would rather to spend time on computer than to read a book if they have had the oppotunity to choice between them .
The most f elderly people might choice to read a book , and another younger people may choice any way .

Young people like child or teenagers migth expect life to show many ways to make them happy or funny .
That is why there are in their minds how come they spend good time and easy life .

They have their parents or tutor support their studies and even support life style and they are not able to spend these kind of things ..
In the other hand , older people should make ends meets to life , if they did colect enough money , or life by their jobs , depends the case .
Most of them have on their mind the way to spend life , that is way , they do not expected the life to show an enjoy life .
They might think to spend a good life trying to enjoy , however it is too difficult , enjoy and spend good life everytime , than the most of young people are able to get .

The psicology of both kind of person are quite different , but in same cases older people could get good life and enjoy life .
Their jobs and professions get to them a nice way to life .
I do n't think that learning facts is less important than understanding ideas or concepts : both are demanding skills of our society and are useful in different situations .
There are situations that require the ability of understanding ideas like those in which a student is asked to solve a new problem .
But there are also situations like a scientist in a laboratory where either he knows how the chemical reaction is being evolving or he risks serious damages .
In other words , sometimes it is essential to know facts .

We can capture another aspect If when comparing this two activities we argue that learning is not so expensive like understanding .
I do n't believe that .
For some people it is very difficult to keep in mind even a telephone number , so I think that the cost of learning may vary from one individual to another .

In conclusion it depends from the situation .
Mathematicians are notably asked to understanding ideas , but are we sure that they also do n't learn facts ?
No .
Most people would like to enjoy their own life .
In a modern society , the old are limited to do activities rather than the young .
For example , most things change to technological like using computers or machines .
These are not familiar to the old .
As a result , young people enjoy life more than the older in a community .

First of all , the young have more opportunities to spend their time anywhere or anytime .
Most buildings or systems are benefit to the young , because the young know how to use .
For instance , in a downtown of big cities , there are many familiar places like shopping malls , restaurant or music rooms for the young .
Also , most things are used to computer systems , so it is much easier to the young than the old .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I have two reasons .
One reason is that it can makes more
I think for somethings you need the youth to start to create and with the time you will get experience then you 'll start to enjoy it .

When you 're young you have less experence than the old people even you try to experiment all kind of emotions or situations you ca n't really enjoy it because you 'll need to have more experence .

In the opositte way , when you are old you wold like to do things that when you wear young you could't do and then you try but your physic or phsucologic contions or habilyties are not so strong enought to go on .

For example to sky , is a very exaiting experence , you should start to learn when you are young and tried once and again till you start to feel the enterteiment , that will be when you are not so young anymore , that means that to learn how to sky perfectly will take you at less 10 years , after you can developped your own tecnich and only then you will enjoyt the life 's sky .

You can not conclued if the young peapol enjoy better than the old people because depence of the situation , on the topyc or on the way to be to each person .

i know many young people whose limitated their lifes to dink alcohol , go the party on party , to be in drogs or easyly to be infront of the tv plazing videogames , and thats the way to enjoy the life , because if you ask to them the quite answear will the `` thar the way to enjoy the life ''
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Sometimes sccessful people only doing what they already know how to do well .
However successful people more than try new things and take risks .
I show you why agree with the statement .

First , successful people have different idea with other people .
They usually think different .
For example , Bill Gates think new things .
He thought how computer makes more convient .
Therefore he made window program .

Second , successful people is very bordly .
They do not worry about to take risks .
The person who made airplane is very bordly becase they do no
Today adertisements are everywhere ; television , newspaper , magzine , even on the surface of the cars .
Those products on the ads always look so nice , but are they really like how they are decribed on the ads ?
No .

Using stars is a very common stradegy for ad .
For example , those famous models that appear on the skin production ads suggest people to use that product , saying it 's really good and all .
Makes people it is that product that actually made her so beautiful , but sometimes they do n't even use it at all .

Some ads about food says it would make you feel you are in the some place alse , like in the park , on top of the moutain , in the wild nature , etc .
It 's just so unreal , and i never trust those kinda ads .
They often uses No.1 in the nation , No.1 in the state , or No.1 among same business .
But sometimes you can see there are more than one No.1 ; so which one you can trust .

So overall , i think ads are just used to make products look better , so people will buy them .
The issue of differnt kind of knozledge is difficult because it depent of each person .
On the one hand people think that it is better to have a specialization because it per ; it to know fundamentaly one subject .
But one the other and we see that other person belive that have a broad knowledge it is have the general culture .
To my mind both point of view are interstong but the last is better .
So I will weigh the pors and cons for each argument .

Fisrt we can see that in the contry the last cycle that is say the graduate is a specialization in one discipline .
This is the reason why we can imaginem this choice is the better .
Moreover it is really difficult to learn different discipline at the same time , it may not be interesting because you have not got a good knownoldge .

Futhermore this employers prefer the majors , because they think that they are more competent than the person zho have no specialization .

But I can not help thinking that it is more interesting to learn different things because this is a way to opening your mind and have a global vision of the world .
For instance if you read read history ; economy , sociology ect you will be more co ; petent because you zill be able to understand problem by diffrent aspect .
Then to my mind a lot of students prefer to have broad knowledge ; that is why in France the Polical Institute are very fa ; ous because they porocure a lage knozledge .
It brooks no agreement that this kind of studies should be extending at all the college .

In a nuthshell we can they that have broad knomledge of ; any academic per ; it to hqve q
I surely agree with the opinion that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are and I think it 's a problem that involves a lot of people , yongs in particular , and several fields .

In my opinion a very great number of these advertisements are given by television instead of being given by papers or other media .
This fact could be expleined thinking that the papers are read by adults , that have a bigger knowledge and can avoid the cheat .
Instead the television is used by a number of young persons ; the advertisements are made to be read or heard by them .
Indeed it ' s easy for youngs to believe in a wounderful advertisement that promises to give them what they desire .

Advertisements that gives am image of a product better than the real one involve different fields : the fitness , the food , the sport , the way of dressing and so on .
To conclude I think it 's a very serious problem that could be solved by autoriti
first of all i agree and disagree with this | statment in my opinion i agree with this because many youngpeople donot work to help the community they live in i thinkthey a selfish people because the have to think about athere peoples spcially the poor oncethey can help them in several ways by giving them many andvisetting them in otherehand they can help in making a good enveronment by helpping in making othere people stop smoking throing rabish in the street helping in recicaling plastices than throing them in soil they aolsa should work hard to make a better life for them and for there country and i disagree becauses there are many good peoples that helps there communities to be a good and piece community by seeing and helping poor people by teatshing them and give them food by trying to make the earth a good place to live in
I disagree the claim , because I frimly believe that most important is knowledge from natural , which is originally natural .
Sometimes we fogettable value of natural , that is wors and wors .

For examples , many people finding various academic , in other word compotition is very impotance in social .
in my oppinion today the compotiton is othe word called `` the surviver . ''
But littlebit change your think , thus maybe agreed to the my claim .
many people today finding many academic , which may occuar many problem .
duly on many advantage from various academic , but that is not natual .
I was young I listen to the radio , that is natual , because myself being .
I think is being from the who , who is many various , In instance your family , friends , ETC ..
But all being form yourself .
I 'm not sure about the real meaning of the word succesfull near the word people .
So , in order to try to answer to the question , I can try to look to my experience .

Throughout new things and take risk you can obtain more beneficts but , in the same way , you can easily go to the bankrupty .
However , actually , if you search the success you must try new ways as well as our parents do .
The standardization and the globalization made all of us at the same level and so for emerge you will find many problems because there will be always anyone that make your job better .

In the other hand I think that if you know well your job and you work with attention and expecially with passion you will recognize by others that , for example , will prefer spend more money with a quality or traditional product instead of pay the multinational that producu your product at a lower price .
We can think to the `` Made in Italy '' in opposite to `` Made in China '' .
Why the people continued to buy product with a higher price ?

In my opinion you will can be a succesfull person both trying new things and doing well what you already know .
The main feature that you should have is the passion for your job .
If you had this capacity you will be able to continuing to do what you already know how to do and to try new ways or new things with less risk .
In that way you will be a succesfull person .

The reality is that you are a succesfull person when you feel so .
I disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knoledge of many acadamic subject than spesialized one .
One of the most imoprtent thing is time factor , so spending much time on one subjects we will me good and master at the subject .
For example , in the higher level education universities offering only in perticular subject rather than on prefer in more subjects .
Broad knoledge will keep a person in the top in the position and every problem regading that will be solved by the person .
speacialize acadamic subject will produce more bettre resulets , when the person is more intrest in that subject .
for examle , in the school some people get good marks in the perticuler subjects when compare to the other subjects , at this time we will encourage him in his intresting subjects rather than other .
In later years he will be master at the subject and will takes researchs in the field he will discover more intresting results in that area .

Let 's take an example from the hestory of maths , great mathamatician Pythagars , in his school days he always preffer to solve maths problem to that of other subjects like social , science .
After few years he became a great mathametician , this is truly because of his broad knoledge in that perticuler subject .
From , this examle we can say that the perticuler subject should his intresting subjects .
So , from the several reasons and examples we can conclude that its better to have broad knoledge in one subject .
There are two types of people whether use of car decrease or not .
Some people maintain that using car will reduce because vaious technology will develop .
Other poeple belive that using car will be retained .
I agree with this view because car technology will be improved and because it is very short to replace with another transportation system .

First of all , during twenty years , this tine brings enhanced car technology .
Now , car is evolving quickly to give us conveinice .
after twenty years , poeple make car smater than now .
Through this , since human feel more convenient gradually , use of car will not reduce .
A recent survey show that people want to buy smart car and they wat to travel this car .
Also smart car of TOYOTA enable us to find road and to utilize various functions .
Moreover , by improving car technology , price will fall to reasonable price because car company expand their amount of porductions .
Therefore , using the car would not decrease .

Moreover , the twenty years is very short to appear anoter trasportation system .
it takes a lot of time to show new technology .
Futhermore , although new technology appear , it is hard for poeple to use immidiately .
Some professor sya that maybe twenty years
I agree with the statement , which says its more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
well first of all when students understand the ideas and concepts of a topic or something .
For example , Histore class my opinion is students must undrstand the ideas and concpts , because it gives them more information than learning the facts .
inaddtion , it is helpfull in so many ways for example , in a regulation or rules of a Universty is to show them the ideas and the concepts .
Moreover , understanding ideas and concept for students
I agree with the following statement that min of comercial make there products look strong and useful than they really are for severl reason .
One of the reason is , that we cannot see the really size for some of produts .
Second , they use it different way that show for us who it is work good .
Therd reason is , some time the companey use same producte with different materils .

First of all , some companey event on they producte , so they can show it with biger size or different coler .
For example , the producte for clean the car .
In addition , some producte have to work on special condition .
Indeed , they use it once I mean just for the ads .
So not all product is useful like the way they show it .

finally , the companey make special producte juset to show it in the ads then throw it awy .
For example , the producte they use it to cut the tree sometime they use fake tree to show the producte strong .

In short , do not beleive every things you see make that you try the producte you want to buy .
If we stand all togother we
Nowaday , the number of advertisements on TV , radio and internet and newspapers is increasing .
In addition , we often see a lot of advertisements .
Some of people accept the advertisement , that you see easily .
But some of them hate it .
Because most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First , I am going tell you about food in advertisements .
The food , that we watch on TV , is more better than they really are .
There are a white fogs and moving something and other good food in addition to the food on TV .
That things make you feel that you want to eat that food .
But acutually if you eat them , you would get mad against the cooker .

Secondly , the house in advertisement on newspaper .
The houses in the picuture is great in newspaper .
They are clean and big and so on .
In addition , the background of the house is very beautiful in only newspapers .
For example , when I was in Japan , I had a habbit .
The habbit is to see some newspaper .
Then I found the very great and beautiful house .
There were near to my house .
So I went there to see it .
But it was different from the house in the newspaper strongly .
Thus , the products that advert is very different from real product
As i learnt from my own experiences , understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students .
Students are not able to face with the facts and it is easier for them to try to understand ideas and concepts .

The first point i would like to make is that there some instinct feelings which make students tend to pay more attention to understanding ideas and concepts .
This is related to students age .
Most of students who are below 23 have trouble with their feelings .
The people under this age are tend to choose the easiest ways in order to satisfacte themselves .
The feelings control students .

Not only this feelings determines students preferences , but also the places they grew up play a crucial role in choosing preferences .
For example a person who study at high school is adjusting his behaviour according to what he or she sees from his friends .

Over all , in my opinion people who study at education centers such as schools , private courses , preperation classes etc ...
look like more interseting in realizing ideas and concepts .
This is a burning issue and may be fully cleared in the future .
I agree with this .
I think the use of car will decrease than now in twenty years .
Because now a days the price of the gas is becoming higher and there will be no gas in the future .
Some company started to make a hibrid or eco car , but it will not much the demand and many people ca n't buy such a expensive car with not finishing the loan of the car which thay have now .

Also , now the global worming is the big problem in the world and the car use is the issue too .
But there is a problem too .
Because the way of transportation we have is just a car and a train .
So if people stop to use cars , there will be no way to transport , because train is already full with people .
No i'am not agree cause whin you specilized in one specific subject you will be more stong in asubject that you choose , and that give you a good experionse and specilized in a good & one work .

An academic subject make you going in the deep of the subject tht you prefere to study , so because of that it will give you alot of answers that you was wondering or thinking in it before .

After finding your answering your knoledg , you will gitting start to begin your life way that you draw to your self .
so it will be a fantasting way to shown up your dreem and make it come true .

When the exciting begin ?
The exciting will began for you when you relly start to work in your major study that youspicilzed in , you will love your work < love your life , and you will to forget you proplem and solve it or starting anew life style if we can say .
Now I know that I 'm young and I think this life stage is the most joyful , interesting , and exciting than others .
Such as stage , twenty-year-old piriod , I think there is a lot of stimulating things .
Also Young people have much more energitic than older people .
Do older people go clubing ?
I do n't think so .
But in each life stage , there is a lot of suitable things to peple .
In this time , my opiniom is young people enjoy life than older people do .

I think most of peple think Older people have already done any enjouyable things but my opinion is not like that .
Of course , some older peple are enjoying their life with much more energitic power than young people .
But what I want to say is the amount of time that young people spending more than older people do .

Now we have really a lot of time .
And also older people sometimes say do whatever you want as earlyer as you can do .
That is , I think , one of answer in this discussion .
I think in each stage there is also desire , but they ca n't afford to do what they actually want because of no time .
I think if older people who are marrige , it is more difficult than they are not .

On the other hand , in my country , Japan , the population of older people is increasing .
It is kind of serious problem in the society .
But real older people , eighty-year-old , have their free time and reluxing place in the public .
We have to care about middle of older people .
They are living just working .
It is the biggest proglam .
I agree with the statement .
The reasons are understanding ideas and concepts develops their creative thinkings .
When people get facts , there are many different ideas and concepts to get facts .
If we do not trough to understand them and devote to learn facts , we will not understand how and why the facts emerged .
A business is a good example to explain it .
Say a fact is company 's success , they spend a lot of time to make up concepts before they get their fact .
Creating and changing ideas improve many different views of us and discussing with other people will effect us importantly .
Even though , we get a good fact without understanding ideas , a
Nowawhere there more people that prefer try new thing because they think this is better than the older .
There are thing that are better .
For example : internet , pay tv , mp3 , cordless phone , etc .
The positive thing is that is more symple , fast comunicate with other person .
Do not make undermeasiring in the communication because to can use internet .
In fact with internet you can have a relation also with a person not near .

You can use internet or the pay tv for having most knowledge to world that surronding us .
Unfortunately , the are news things that are worst than the older .
In fact I think that pollution is the conseguence to use to those things .
I think about air conditional that in tha summer is used inadeguatemently .
Alse the car , I think , is a nagative innovation bacause brings pollution and it doe n't move the people making a other problems .

Howewhere , I thing there are things that well and others that are worst .
You can choose the best thing for but not is the best for others .
I choose the thing best for o
I agree that people right now do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Because I think that I am a sush person , I realy do not give any time on my community .
I spent my time on school or shopping , but no on my community .

The reasons that I think are many .
The first reason is the most of people do not know how to help their community , that is true .
Because in my contry , Taiwan , we do have this habit to do social serve , and no one teached us when we were kidds .
For my example , I live in a very big community .
Since I living there , no one had told me what i shoud do to this community , even my friends , too .
All we know when were kidds , just play or go to school .
Therefore , even I want to do some for my community , but I realy do not know how to do .

The orther important reason that I think is the people right now all focous on themself , they realy do not think so much .
The most of people nowdays , is too bisy to do the things they want to do , they never do the things they do not like .
Because I know a lot this kind of people , they know how to play , to shopping .
But every time , when school need us do some servies , they all run away .

These reasons is what i think .
Now adays advertisement is the best way to sell the products .
The companies are taking the advantage of the advertisement , Beacause advertisement shows the product more fancier than they really are .
I totally agree with this statement .
Advertisement make product more better by showing its good qualities , Size and comfortibility .

First , Advertisement only shows the good qualities of the product .
It attracts the consumers to buy that product .
Every one like tobuy good products in the market , Because good products are duable .
Second , Advertisement make product look In better size .
Now people like to buy small things like I-Pods , digital camaras etc .
In the advertisement these things look cute and small , which attract people to buy them .
If yiu go to store and look at the same things which were advertise are not has the same look as adevertise by media .
Finally , Advertisement shows that products are vary comfortable in use , but it ends up in not very comfortable in real .
People get fooled by the advertisement .

In conclusion , I like to say that most of the time People get fooled by the advertisement and buy the product , which are not as ggod as they look in advertisement .
Im interested in this statement .
I agree to have knowledge of many subjects becouse its help us to be more sucssesful in our accademic study .
For exammple , i prefar to specializes in public relation which is help me in my personal life , how to treat with author people .
I think If we learn many subjects , it gives us more confedince and sucsses .
although , learning more subjects gives us a huge knowledge which is make me sucssesfu in my study .
If i sucssed in my study , i will start my own buisness .
first iwill make some mony by working in a company and then i
Somebody sais : Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree with that for sure .
First , young people always busy for their own business such as hand out with friends , spend few time to do the homework , spent time on the cell phone to know what happen with their friends today , watching TV and play video game etc .
It 's not kind of selfish but they just do n't care about other thing which does n't matter to them , for example , so something helping communities .

Second , except young people do n't want to spent time on helping communities .
They do n't understand why they have to , or what can they get from doing that thing .
However , cause young people to do n't care about too much thing it might because they do n't ever know how is the feel to helping cimmunities and helping people also .
They might would like to helping communites after they know that is more interesing than playing video games and talking on the cell phone .
I haven ' t a specific position on this argument , because I think that is important in an equal measure how students understand ideas and how they learn facts .
I can make an example to support my answer .
Everyday we watch on television or read on newspapers that in some part of the world someone has been submitted because he or she wasn ' t beautiful , smart , free , cristian or not , and what we do to stop it ?
Nothing or at least we do a committee in front of some important departments of justice !
Words only words .
Using the right words at the right moment , it sometimes can be very useful and permit us to obtain what we want at the beginning .
But we usually don ' t make anything .
We rest to observe in silence the world around us .

To preserve and to protect our society , it ' s important , for a student , understand the origin of facts studying for example the history of his country - learn facts - , and at the same time , it ' s important to know ideas and concepts to understand the background of that fact .
I disagree with this statement because in my opinion for the new work 's world is more important be specialized in one specific subject than in many academic subjects .
I think that because in my school I have studied a lot of subjects but I admit saying many things but these subjects are n't studied in a specific way .
In fact I have found a lot of problems when I came in my university , where is important only one specific subject .

The new world of the work , in my opinion , requests a specific kind of worker .
In fact now there are many type of works and the number of people who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects are not increasing .

I try to use an example .
An architect that creates all of the parts of his project is rare .
We can find a lot of architects or designers that are specialized only in one specific subject .
It is so because is changed the university and the new work 's world searches different kind of workers .

So , I think that is important study one specific subject and do the best work that I could make .
It has been a controversial issue whether some people think to specialize in one specific subject is more effctive on developmence of student .
However i strongly believe that it is better to have broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects than to specilize in one specific subject .

first and foremost , it is easy to fine my interesting subject .
taking a various subject mean is improve their kowledge skill and i can find my major during the study .
in my case , in elementsry school , i learnd about math english , arts , music , but after , exam i thought i lterested in music and arts .

when i was a little child , i spent whole day drawing a picture .
i did not know why i spent a lot of time even do not eating .
after graduated from middle school i went Arts high school and also i graduated from Arts university .
that is becaue i could found which subject like it and what i boring the subject .

Last but not least , it helps development of knowledge .
if student study one specific subject during the childhood .
it result in lack of knowledge and they do not know varioud filed .
such as my friend brother , Jun Kim , he was very smart in English when he was 5years old .
so their patrent decided to study abroad .
after 5years , when he was in Korea he can not speak Korean .
it result in he just can speak English Fluently .
althought he is Korean .

In conclusion , i think that to have broad kowledge of many academic subject is
I agree with statement that the best way to travel is a group led by a tour guide .
There are two reasons why , trovel is in a group led by a tour guide is cheeper than private and we may know tour guides recomend places

First of all , in a group led by tour guide is more unexpensive than private travel .
For example , in private , an airplaine cost 3000 dallar for America from Japan .
But use the tour industry service wichi can dicline the cost of plaine to 15000dallar .
However involve the foods and hotel .
it is very cheep .

seconds , we could visit a wounderful place if I joined the tour group .
Guides know a lot of good places in there country .
Tour guide must study hard about sightseen to become .
so tour guide is professional of travel and sightseen .

All of theres reason I sustain that the most good way to travel is a led by a tour guide .
I do n't agree with the following statement :
young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I know nowadays we are all selfish and we do n't have enough time to help others or to think or to take care about social conditions where we live in , but I know that some friend of mine spend their free time taking part in events community .

Helping others or taking part in social events brings gratifycation you feel usefull for the society .
Many young people are involved in collective activities in different places of the city .
Mainly these activities have the aim to help someone or to improve something which should be better .
Secondly I think many adults in my city do n't believe in young people and I think the governament should give voice and space avaible for all , in particular for younger .

The crime and deliquency rate 's increased especially between the younger , and I think the adults shoul be their teachers .
The teenager is not the only one guilty .
Finally I think the current daily life is faster than sooner and the living condition for young people are not better nevertheless I know many people help their communities .
It will be better to believe in young people
I am agree with the point that the it important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn the fact The main resion behind of is that if a student want to be last long good students then in that case he/she will has to learn the basic things behind , which will still with his for whole life and when ever in the life he will be needing it will be just recalled by him .
Only those people can perform well in the platform of the life who was a good student in the past .

What I think is that only knowing the fact is creating the shortcut to learn the things , ya it helps sometimes but not always that why it is very much nessary to learn the things by the understanding the ideas and the conceots .

In future what will happen that if a student was not a good student in the early stages then in that case he would be also not a good teacher , i.e. he can not explain or transfer the fact to the others .

And to support my openion I am taking my own example - When I was a student in the college ( Engineering college ) then in that case my favourite topic was the Explosive and rock type ( Mining Engineering topic ) .
So , I took that topic with very much interest and the result is now I am getting today when I joined a company then it was a co-incident that i was putted in the drilling & blasting department and on the 14th day I had managed by owm a blast in that perticular mine .
And very soon I got the authorisation of the blasting in that mines in the 6th month , which is record for that mine , which only my personal openion .
So , here all credit will automatically go to those classes where I was provided the idea and the concept of the thing .

So , I am thankful to my proffesor who tought me so well , and I would like to pray with the God to provide the professor of that kind to other students also .
So , students should pay attention in the class .
I disagree with the statement that students to understand facts rather than ideas and concepts tThere are two reasons for this statements : time and knowridge .
The first reason why it is more important to students to learn facts lather than ideas and concepts is that they can learn wide variety of knowridge .
This way students get more knowridge .

The second reason why it is more veneficial to students to learn facts lather than ideas and statement is time .
Students can use the time more usefull .
If student understand ideas and concept for each facts , they have to spend so much time and energy .
For instance , when I was elementary school , I learned mathmatics formura without concept .
In order to remember all the formuras , the teacher gave us a song for the formura .
Thus , we can easily remember this formura without spent exstra enersy and time. , and it is still usefull to me .

I disagree with the statement that students to understand ideas and concepts than facts , because students to can use time usefull and get more knowridge .
In this writting , I am going to discuss an important issue that most of communities faced .
The issue is that `` Young people nowaday do not give enough time to helping their communitiea '' .

This problem occure from different reasons .
One strong reson of this problem is that the new developement of technology that take young people time .
For example the internet which recover the essential things of a young people and satisfying their needs as young people always concern of how I can happy .
Most of young people feel happy with their friend as the internet provide them to be with their friends all the time by using the massenger .
Another point is that as we hear in Qatar , the education develope alot .
The result of this development the Albayan complex school and the independence schools which depend mostly on English languge .
To study the English languge in some subjects create some coflict in young people as they do not used to take .
This may encourage them to work hard and take English languge courses to improve themselves in English and cope with the development .
These take time , so it will not enable young people to be effective and helpful in the community .

Finally , young people noeaday do not give enough time to helping their communties , because of the pressurs of development and how I can satisfy myselt and be the best .
For my it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because learn more .
The diferentes materials : Arts , Science , Mathemathics , Literature , Politic , World , Economy , Languagues , Cook , Technology , History .
Learn to the watherver topic , or subject , realize a person .
Most learn most prepared to great job in anything work .
Wao !
Need talk about all topics with all people and help in different material .
And specialize in one specific subject realize people `` genious '' on the specialization .
Special people , learn about science for example and specialize in this maerial have big concement in the cotidians jobs .
In my opinion learn the all academics subjects realize the people or much very intellectual people .
Maybe readding more books , less television , more educational programs .
Whn travel at other country , learn the other cultures , your idioms , custums , religion .
The world is totally different and more learnd of the other materials more prepared for any situation .
Noy bad for specializa in specifict subject no , no .
no .
But always y need learn , I nead have a knowledge for evrethyng topic .
I like I enjoy knowledge .
This my live .
I am play instrument and learn evreday at the other materials .
It 's so funny learn , funny and intersting .
I agree that it is more important for students to ndertand ideas and concepts than it is for the to learn facts .
To tie yourself up to facts , produce facts that alredy existd , therefore it cause nothing else .
However , understanding ideas and concepts , you may obtain various ways of opinions from each person .
When you analyse cohensive fact from them , you will see several fact .
For example , if you think about excution , and you conclude it is unnecessarry from one article , there ought to be existed those who disaree with it reason that they killed humakind and it 's obviously outlaw .
He should get punishment .
Eve if both ideas are acceptable , they 're lead through by simple agement .
People need to collect those information by not standing by both sides , and find solution how object has to be concluded .
More and more people nowades do not give enought time to helping their communities .
When people don t thinks about just us they often spend time to helping their communities .
In the ninetenth century most of people helping their communities but now i thinks they don t helping their communities .
Helping their communities it s heve tiime for help peple in general .
Now most of people work that is why it s very difficult to spend time for help .

The life is more and more expensive .
If you do not work you can ' t buy enything , so , you ca n't live .
Working spend time and if you are all the time in your job you do n't have time for helping .

Durung this century most of metality have change .

So , I think most of people do not give enought time to helping their communities
I disagree .
But both of them need .
Because to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is basic , and to specialize in one specific subject is is personality knowlege .
These are different .
So if you want to become a person , you should grow to specialize in one specific subject .
It means you have a special life .
well , i dont think so because old people tend to be more setteldown than young ones .
because the youngs one have to start their why from the beging for example they have to make money to live and buy a house and find a partner so they can buld up a family .
all this is a really hassel .
while aldey people have found thir life and worked har and by that time offcourse they have made alot off many to buy a nice hosue , and they maybe dont have find work , espacially it is not essy to find job these days , and everything is expensive not like it use to be for the older people , also the real estate has gown up which made it difficult for youn ones to buy a house this is also was advantages for older people .

older people use to have more kids , inorder to build up their family while youn ones cant have many there days , because not everone can offored to raise their kids .

partner , it becomes so difficult to find a nice husband or wife to live with for the rest of your lives , older people already naws who is going to stay with for the rest of his or her life , young ones do not seems to take it easy or be more understandable these days .

well , eveything seems to be the oppisate for both of old and young , but its a fact and we have to excapt it .
because at the end this is our way of living , and it might chasnge to the better or to worse .

in conclousin , i belive in evry old or young heart thir would still be a nice memory
As we know , there are two methots to study .
The first one is to have broad knowledge od many academic sibkects .
The second one is to specialize in one specific subject , one has his own tast in studing , so let us talk about this subject

For me .
is depend on my own time , If I has big amout of time , I will choose the seconed method .
becase if study in this way of cours , I will gante so much , I also will have alot of information the book I study .
then i will be able to unsderstant all what the teacher will teach us .

On the other hand , If i do n't have much time i will start my studing by the first way , which is all my acadimic subjects not in deply .
Becase this method will help to have some information abuut what my teaters will give us in my classs .

But if you ask my about my opinon , I will tell you that nobody can be fourcied to follow one way , But as I say before , that I feel that the bes way is the second one .
Becouse it will give you s confidous first , in your self and than you will be able to anser any qustion that anyboy wll askes you .
also your teachers will be so happy about your level .

I hope all peoplt
In our world theri are many chances to let the young poeplepartcepeat in our community but there are many caces that let this young people go for another things for partcepet without any effort .
In my opion that theri are many young people do n't give any thing in theri coummunity .
For sveravl reasn .

First , some of these young people have too much work in there study enen that dont have time for there selve .
they spend all the day between threi book in theri office , in the liblary or inthe internet do some research .
this is one type of the young people .

another type the preson that set in the house dos n't do anything just eating and sleed that do n't have any job .
This kind of person should be treated by someone becouse he had a prpblem that do't have any goal in his life .
So he ca n't help or any one in this life .

Moreover , thereare some young people really want to work in do some thing for threi coumminty and if you going to give them something they really want to do it but they do n't have skills that led them for this .
Enen if theri try they will do but they ca n't complet the work that they try to do it .
So these kind of people we must hold theri hand and try as much as posspile to let them be benefit for our community .
These that can be leading our and rise threi community up .

In the end , there are many kind oo young people in our world .
Inorder to we should see the best and the better that can give us somthing that will benefit for all human in the earth .
If we look to the humanity cultural and biological evolution throughout the man history , we will notice that many of remakable changes happen as result from the oldest consept of `` trial and error '' , and the first man had to face alot of risks to improve his quality of life .
in other hand , sinsce and knowledge based on tring new thing and that never been proved , in addition to break the previous thoughts and fact to start a new thing , and that is what make up a productive specises among all other species in earth .
so , the humanity will to reach this level of successful life without taking risks , however it 's not nessearly for each indiviual to try new thing to be successful .
there are two nessesrly kind of people for life to progress : the handworker and thinkers , in other hand worker and sintist , and in the absent of one of them the human life will dimenished , that mean every subject in the society is successful as long as he help life to conten
I am agree that most advertisement make products seem much better than they are .
I think that it is normal because the attendence of the people are always big .
A good advertisement must make a product seem much better than it is for a commercial law .
In fact in the commercial law the product must be presented like a better .
If the advertisement give some positive sensation to the people , it is just a little step for make a good product .
It is not important if in the advertisement there is a good or bad product .
but it is important like the product is seemed .
For example I want to buy a new car .
I see an advertisement that make a car like a good product and I want to buy that car because I believe that it is a godd car .

This is a little example but for everything we can make an advertisement make a product much better than it really is .
The consumist world in that we live impose us this new ways of thinking .
The people are joked to the adverstisement and then they are unbeliveable if the product is not like they think .
When I was a child I wanted a little toys because in the advertisement was a new fantastic robots and all the child wanted it .
But only with the passage of the age I learnt that not all advertisements tells a trouth .
I like to see advertisements , especially on TV .
There is a variety of advertisements ( i.e. , TV commorcials ) .
Some advertisements look like a TV drama ; some advertisements look as if it thretes us to buy it .
It is the company selling podusts who produces the advertisments for the products .
There is almost no exception on the fact , I think .
Thus , I personally agree with this statements .

Need less to say , advertisments are made in order to encourage consumers to buy products .
There is no wonder that a company trys to show its product better as much as possible .
I believe that it introduce its produt better than real .
When I was a child , I watched advertisement for an air plane toy .
In the advertisement , I was the plane flying the air .
At that time , I was so impressed and asked my paretent to buy me .
My further bought me it one day .
However , I was so disapointed with the plaine , since it did not fly ! .
My further also was dissapointed at seeing me being sisapointed .
I have never trust advertisements since then .

Recently , I enjoy advertisements as a kind of fiction of products .
I believe that advertisement is a kind of presentation to express what product a compaly wish to make .
Thus , I agree with the statements .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
I strongly disagree with this statement because nowadays young people are very liberated in their views .
they are far more better educated then their parents or the older society .
and this eduaction and knolwege help them to think which thing or deed is more beneficial for the whole socitey or their community .

like , due the the knowledge of the science and technology they are in better position to help the community by gving them the information about epidamics and deasices like malaria , AIDS , hepititis A , B and C.and almost every young human being is doing so by just taking the jobs like scientist , doctors , working in a NGO , etc .

secondly they know all the mistakes and wrong decision taken by their parents , relatives , society or even goverment in the past .
for an example young people of every nation now do n't want war and they actively protest this .

young people now are more interested in the progress of their own country .
and thus they always trying to make the country better by working hard for the technological advancement , much better standard of living .
they are more wiling to go outside their country to gain knowledge and use that in their own country .
for an example many young people from developing countries go to another develpoed country for their higher studies and then after returning they use thier skills and knowledge to help the progress of their country .

finally , young people always make sure that they do n't do anything which can harm in anyway their community or society .
Travel agency suggest their service travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
And mant people use this service for their safety and guide 's profesionality .
But one of unversity student , I disagree with a group travel along tour guide there are two reason why I prefer travel by my self : opportunity for learning other nation and saving my money .

Forst of all , traveling a group with tour guide remove my opportunity for learning other naton 's culture .
I had a chance to trip in Vietnam about two years ago .
there was guide for our group .
Most of our group did not concentrate guide 's explain and he did not care about it .
And I needed to keep our group so I do not have profer time to enjoy senary and food .
I went around at night with buying some beer and snack .
It is more exciting and memorable .
If I did not go out along and do noting the travel was just waste of a few days .

Second guide fee is expensive .
I do not have enogh money and there si many way to prepare travel plan , reservation for hotel and search for air plane scedule by using phone , travel book and internet .
when I was in savoy for visiting my cousin .
I traveled a lot of place in U.S.A .
I usually saw the travel guide book in the university library near my cousin ' house or searched the net .
so I did not spend unnesaccery cost such as guide fee .

In conclusion , I would like to travel without a your guide and along .
I want to prepare my travel schedule bv myself and save my money not spend guide fee .
traveling is one 's opportunity for broading their knowledges and expeirences .
Making their plans and behavioring more activites will help their exciting travel .
i agree to have to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to speciallize in one specific subject becase learining many subjects gives you many succeful carrers and have a better futer while having only one subject you will be bored learing one subject and just have the same subject every day while others can mix up and enjoy having many subjects learining one subject is more easer and you can finish it faster but the bad thing is that you can find a faster job becase there will be others that they will have much highr degrees and they will have much highr rates and faster then the one who studied one subjectstuding many subjects creat many friends any other classes and they can help you in many different ways exampel some student in the biology class will help me in my homework or my project and in other class also im going to have other friends who are going to help me in my homework or presintation but studing with the same class dosent allow you to creat many friends studing many subjects alows you to ask many teachers about many sort of things example if you need a certain and specifc questions you need to ask the teacher who is specific in this subject but if your studing one subject its diffucelt to ask other teacher about a question you want to ask I prefer to study many subject becase im going to creat my own futer and have many freinds from other nationalitys this is my propose in life .
I agree with this statement for many resons .
The first one is young people spend their time in other things .
The second , they focuse their afforts in other staffes .
The last one , they do not have good supports from people to help their communities .

First of all , young people spend most of time in activeties belonging to them self not for their community .
For example , they spend time in playing , visiting friends , studying and help each others .

secondly , they focuse their afforts in things which it give the benefits for them .
For example , young people may do some works with very hard work if they get money or at least a littel gift which it unforchintly does not happen often in communities .
Thirdly , they may not have good support to that nither from school or home .
The reson is the school and home - speacily home - told them to do some things belonging to them or make benefits for them without thinking in socity .
I think young people will do some scoity activities if somebody give them a littel adviesment to participate people and help them in so many ways .
In addition , it is scoity clubs ' resbonseblity to help young people to give something to community where they live .

Finally , they some youngs do alots of things to their socity and still .
But the other does not for resons which are minshond above .
The young people have huge enrgy that should every body take care about it .
In this world there are many companies and productes , so there are orginal stuff .
Each company wants to be a famuse one in this time to show what it has of stuff for people .
I disagree with this event for many reasons .
First of all , the are not really productes which some of companies produced , will not stay along time as the orginal one because it made of different stuffs .
The stuffs which they put them in the produced do n't work together .
For example : when there company wants to produces some thing as technology machine and they made it of different stuffs with differnet qualties so , there will be some mistake init .

Second , the products which look like the orginal one is not fine because the qualities that will be in the prodcuts are n't good to stay the machine long time than orignal one .
The reasons to the comanies produce like this stuff that there are many people are not able to buy the orignal one because it 's expansive .
For example : the people with low level education and low salary 's level , they ca n't buy expansive stuff , so they go to the cheap one eventhough , it 's not good qualitiy .

Third , I disagree with the porducts which seem much better tnan the orginal one because the company that made the orginal one spent alot of money to made a great produce to stay long time with the costmires .
it is not fear to be there other way to made same stuff but , low qualitiies level .
For example : when there to schools cross each other and each on
I am not really agree with the question .
In a first view it is true that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They take all their life with a smile on their face , they are happy for all thinks also for a stupid thinks .
Young people have not a problem , they depend of their family , their parent , they are `` on the clouds '' .
Young people enjoy themselves with the major stupid thinks , for example I have a brother that is 20 years old and he with him frinds laught for all thinks , they enjoy with videogames , they spend all day play football or gooing away .

But the difference about the older people is not that the older people do not enjoy life , they also enjoy life but in a different way .
Older people have a big thinks to resolve , they have a responsability of their home , they must pay the telefone , they must cook the dinner also for their children that could be outside playing with their friends .

Older people have less time than the young people have .
They have all day full , they can not enjoy life if not during week_end and also they have a different way to enjoy their life .
When you are old , after 22 years old , you look to life in a different way than when you were 16 years old .
You have a different way to enjoy life .
For example now I am 23 years old and I like to do different thinks from 5 years ago .
I enjoy my life going to mountain and looking with my boyfriend the landscape or to go to eat , in a famous restaurant , some good fish drinking a good vine .

So I think that it is not true that young people enjoy life more than older people do , I think that cahnge the way in which young people and the other do that .
It may looks like it to many people , but I disagee with this .
I think in old days , things that should be done had been visible .
It was need to be done with physicall labor .
Now , physical labor is less needed by using machines and computers .
Young people nowadays just do n't have idea what is really needed .

Where their hearts are , where their treasure is .

Old days , Society was composed by big families .
Everybody is helping everybody .
You know who you are helping , because they are their family members , relatives , or everyday neighbors who is even more close to your real relatives .

But in modren socity with nuclear families people do n't know really about their neighbors .
In this situation , getting help from other people sometimes considered as personal shame for some of us .
As society is more and more materialized .
We tend to judge other people by what they have , rather than what he/she really is .

We should teach our young people about real values .
We should open our eyes on emotional and spritual world .
So that their values are not to have something more for them selves , but for others .

Let ' them have chance .
As i have never had the opportunity to study one specific subject , i do n't really know how it is like , but i will try to imagine it the best that i can , comparing its advantages to those of the other alternative .

A student who attend an university course have to do an important choose , he had to decide if specializing in one specific matter or not .

I thinks that specializing in one specific subject is necessary in a lot of camp , for examples for a medic or engineering .
In fact , is impossible to arrive at an high livel of knowledge in many matters .

On the other hand , exsist the risk of a wrong choose about the subject of specialization .
I know many person that have changed the university a lot of time , and this may become very dangerous for the career .

It is also important have a complete view about an argument or a problem , and only a broad knowlodege of many academic subjects allows that .

So , after looking at all these different advantages for both the sides , it is very hard for me to come a conclusion .
I guess the the best solution is to specializing in few subjects .
WELL , IN THIS STATMENT WE CAN , T PUT ALL THE SUCCESSFUL PEOPLE IN ONE SHIP .
BECAUSE WE ALREADY KNOW THERE ARE DIFFRENT BTWEEN THE PEOPLE IN MANY THINKS .
SO AS REASLUT IF I AGREED WITH HTIS STATMENT I WILL NOT JUSTCE IN THIS CAUSE .
AND WE WILL NOTICE THAT IN DAIL OUR LIFE .
FOREAMPLE HTERE ARE TWO SUCCESSFUL MEN OR WOMEN HAVE TWO CAMPANY IN NEW YORK .
AND THEY REALLY HAVE GOOD JOBS .
BUT ONE OF THEM DOES NOT SISTIFY ABOUT WHAT HE OR SHE HAVE AND THE OTHER ONE SICFUY ABOUT WHAT HE HAS .
SO WE WILL NOTICE KNOW RHE DIFFRENICE IN THIS CASE CLEARLY .
BUT AWAYS PEOPLE WONTS TO TRY A NEW HTING AND ALSO MAYBE THEY ARE SUCCESSFUL PEOPLE OR MAYBE NOT .
BUT I THINK WHEN SOMEONE TRY A NEW HTINGS IS DIFFRENT FROM CREATION SOMETHING NEW MAYBE THERE ARE LITTLE DIFFRENT IN THIS CASES .
I WILL GIVE A EXAMPLE TO MAKE MY IDEA CLEAR .
THERE ARE TWO MEN AND THEY SUCCESSEIN THEIR JOB BUT ONE ONE OF THEM FOREXAMPLE CREATE A NEW CELLPHE AND HE WILL FACE A RISK IN THAT BUT THE OTHER HE TRY WITH OUT DID ANY THINGS SOMEHTINDS NEW AND HE WILL FACE SOME RISKS TO SEALE THE CELLPHONE .
IN THE END THE SUCCESSFUL PEOPLE WILL STAY SUCCE
In my opinion it depends on what you want , it es very important to have an specialization on any career you gradute in .
But as an example if yo want to run a buisness yo can study managment and buisness administration and you could get a more efficient work in your buisness on another hand if you gradute from medicine why would you have another career in buisness i think the mos inteligent you can do is an specialization in wahtever you prefer in plastic cirugy , brain , phycology any thing you think it would be the best .
Another of my opinion i thing everybody goals should be the specialization in any thing they gradute in because that would make the diference between him an another from his same career and that would make the big companys and industries hhire him instead if the one that didint have de specialization , That does n't mean that if you dont you wont get hired you can always run your own buisness with just your degree or work for a small company and it can get to be a big one , So like i just said it just depends on want you want to do or be .
There is another argument i have you dont even have tu gradute or have an specialization in the part running a buisness as an example if you have the money and the contacts you could run it without graduating it dependes on your golas .
Closing my opinion I realy do think specialization does the diference between any one who gradutes from deferents career thats why the best and the more preparated they are , those are the one who are hired from the big companys by having more credits than the others in his same career so thats why every should every day try to prepare themselfs for diferentes thing and no one ever kwoswhat that could help us .
I 'm agree with `` Young people nowdays do not given enough time to helping their communities '' .
Developing of computer has brought many bad effects .
Also recentiy , many electric products has been it , too .
i 'm afraid thesdays many teenger hav n't conversation in the school , at home .
So their parents are sympath .
For example their authority fell down for a longtime ago .
We should be many effort for authority 's recover .
We have a plan to teach them what is correct or incorrect .
Ethinic education is importan , too .
In the school our teacher must teach what is the important their communities with their develorp and succeed in the future .
What a suprising that do not communities .
Eventually nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities is concern
yes , I agree that young people do not give enough time for healping communities they remain envolved in other activities such as sports .
children should take part in development of communities as they are future of our country .
if community would develop our country wiil also develop then only people could get some work and we would be able to compare our country with developed countries .
we should keep our sourrounding cleen in order to help our communities .
it is true saying by some one that '' child is a father of an old man '' if children would help communitis from now in future it would be beneficial for them only .
if there socities are well mantained and free from all kind of pollution all humanbeings living around them will remain healthy .
As all of us know that cleaniness is very important .
cleaness safe time as well as money because if know one is in bad health no doctor or medical fees would be paid .
So if achild remain fits he can engoy his life so its important for achild to help his or her communities .
i agree with the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , but there are a lot of people do not like to go with group because of they like to have their time alone .
for me i agree to travel with alot of people , it will be fun .
and the best things i like when i travel with a group are if need any help the will help you , you will make friends and you will have fun .

first , if you need any help you will get it because who are travel with you and you like a big family .
if you lost your money , got sick and if you want to chating with someone , will find what you want and will get what you , they will not live you alone because you one of them .

second , making friends is the best thing in travel withh a group .
it verey easy to make friends in the tripe .
if you a nice person and friendly .
and you will learn a lot of thing from them such as their culture , some of the way they used , or something important in the life you do not any idea about it .

third , having fun , of coures you will have a lot of fun with your group .
you play with them and listen to their stories , and something like that .

finally , having a trip with a group is really fun and every one has to try to travel with a group .
i disgree that successful peaple try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do .
i think try new things and take risk is so interesting .
for instance , i usually speaking english .
I want to study chinese and japanese .
and i study other lauguage , i need the time .
but time to past , try new thing is great .
try new thing is creative .
almost people is formal but successful peaple is creative and have a confidence .
try new thing is somewhat dangerous but i do n't care .
only doing what they already know how to is boring and life is not fun therefore my opinion is , To soccess our life have a confidence and new things and take risk .
Times are changed .
People do not understand that young people are not like their fathers .
Is true that those young men do not help their comunities in the way that in twenty century we refer to , but is true olso that they have differents and importants jobs .
The first think that , for my opinion , a young person must do is study for his future , and , in a cert way , this must be seen like a help for the comunity , becouse a grait education can improve our future , can improve our workers , our economy and our lifes , so this is important not only for young person but collective future too .

And I see like my family beelive in this opinion , in fact they support me in all of my decisions , they , in ather words , built my future .
And I see always in them a lot of proude for me .

I know that is important make samethink for ather people , but there are a lot of young peolple that make a civil servise , they help comunity , for example , a lot of them work in Hospital without pay .
Probably they are not a sufficient number , but is wonderful that in a time like our there is in them also a sentiment of generocity e charity , and I do not care if sameone think that this new generations is without values , becouse for my opinion a generetion that make in first place their future own and their uman feeling is a grait generation .
Of course there are olso same of them that do not want anythink for athers or for themself , and that do not have respect for parent-s sicrifice .
But I think that they are a little grup of a wonderful generetion , which I in it and I can tell this with proude .
I agree with that successful people always try new things to do and take risk rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
As we can see them , most of the them are very advantureous people this fact makes they are very special , and successful people .

Successful people likes adventure .
One of the famous inventor Eddison likes advernture .
He always tried to get new things that other people do n't know yet .
Before he invented the light ( electricity ) , he has thousand times of lab for invent the light , evne his lab room was burned down , he never forgive up and enjoy the advent

They has a unique think that is we ca n't even imagine that .
Eddison was kind of unique child when he was young .
He thought the eggs are hetching if he makes them warm so he hugged the eggs for a while .
This story is very famous story about his childhood .
as we can see , he was not a normal child and does n't have a normal thinking likes other children .
That kind of unique thinking makes a person going to be different than others .
It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree with the following statement .
Students are young and generally do not enought experiences for their life .
They do not responsibility for their life and they are generally very busy on their life .
Thats why , there are many reasons for my support idea .

Firstly , they are young and they have not done enought experiences for their life .
I am a Faculty at the Dokuz Eylul University in Izmir , in Turkey for seven years .
I have studied a lot of students .
In my experinces , they understand and believe ideas and concepts because they are so young for life and they have not done anythings .

Secondly , almost all students are very busy .
They learn a lot of things .
They have studied on their life such as homework , listening , reading , speaking and writing .
However they have not had any experinces such as earning life , earning money , doing help anybody etc .
Actually I do n't know another countries but at least , in Turkey is this .
Our curriculum teach generally good math , geography , history , biology or anything but it does n't teach life knowledge , This is big mistake and Turkis educational system and its curriculum has to be change .

Finally , they don ' have enought responsiblity .
In my view , this is educational system 's problem .
For instance , in Turkey almost all students go to secondary school and high school .
They study and they do homework .
Neverthless , usullally they do n't do any home made .

In my opinium , if we succed for new generation , we have to learn life 's facts and we have to give more responsibilities .
We have to change our traditional educational systems .
They have learn life , world , and world 's problem such as war , peace , environment , conflict and etc .
Because , tomorrow life for them .
I agree with the opinion that it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
That reasons for bigger interests and friends .
Describing bigger interest , because , I think that you better learn many academic subjects than expert subject .
Fethermore , you can make friends who have several interest .
And more fun and more exiting .
This is all of my reasons .
I absulately agree this subject .
They changed in last times .
When anybody need to help they do not help to anybody but definetly they must change already they will need to help one day .
According to they everything is ok because they do not know anything .
We must learn something to them First of all , we have to think `` how can we help to young people to turn good boys '' .
For instance , we can tell to them with television because they often watch the television later we can do advertisement .
With this style they can turn the good boys .
Now they see a problem but accoding to they this is not problem .
Of course not everytime but generally they were done .

Next , we must give to they more one chance .
Maybe they have big problem .
For instance , i have so big problem because i will go to again prep in my school alraedy i went to one year later last summer i went to london to develop my self but in the last exam again i did not pass .
I think my english is enough to pass from prep but i dont pass because of some rubbish exam in my school so i came to take toefl but already it is so so hard .
Therefore , i am so angry because i will go to prep again .
It is horrible .
Did you see ?
i agree sometimes i behave similar young people .
We need to help but i know it is imposible .
I thing they can change with time and me too .
I loved english bur now my brain is complex because i could not stay class it was first time .
Hopefully i can change but it so hard .
they are definetly similar me .
We must give to them chance to dev
A human being is the animal which likes to think and develope something The first , challenging for new things can make your life plentiful .
When someone strives for their life , he can feel happiness and satisfaction in his life .
Therefore , if someone try anything for his life , he can get success or experience which are very important thing .
Because those make happiness and satisfaction in his every scation such as his monetary business , lovely family .

The second , challenging for new things can make human sociaty successful , developed , enlarged .
Neverthless , if anyone stagnate his whole life , I am sure which will be bored .
Boring means stagnating .
It 's the same .
To be bored means to be degrade so the bored life degrade and spoil everyone 's life .

In conclusion , trying new thing can give a lot of advanced effect to our life .
Striving life makes our life thrive and trying life
Nowadays , live is becaming more and more complicated to live , maybe it is a result of the complication of knowledge that man is achieving , therefore students are ask to have and to study lorge amount of informations , and I agree with the fact that student have to broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
many sciological and economical facts prove this , first , to find a good job you have to develop as much as you can of skills that bring the satisfaction of your employer so the knowledge of many subjects will permit you to be on the top .

second , many academic subjects will have an impact on your vision to the world for your work or how you see problem and solutions , a simple exemple maybe a botanist researchers , knowledge about floors pass by climat knowledge .
in addition to that , you can , regard to the social way , develop largest opprotunities to communicat with ather people however , thier some desadvandges for this is to paas by l
That is true , today the companies use that kind of strategies to convince the customers to buy a product .
When the people watch on tv an advertisement about some product they expect that the product would make that they say it makes , but almost all the time it does n't happen .

Today , it 's very common to see in the television and the newspapers too , a lot of things about the diet products .
The advertisemnet says that you can left fat in only few weeks and the people belive that , but really it 's false .
Sometimes the companies use a famous actor to represent the product and they show a picture when the actor was fat and now using the product he can have a perfect body .

It 's very important not believe in all things about a product .
It 's necesary to make questions and ask for garanties before to take the decision to buy a product .
No body can deny that there are primary factors which serves afunction in the needs and the nessaiety of using the cars , and how it conterbuite as an important part of our lives , but in the same time we ca n't forget the negative effects of using these cars , on the environment and the health of the people , consequntley , there are many traists which became on the surface and suggeted that there must be arecent vision to use fewer cars in the future in order to decrease the factors of the pollution , and the etiologies of the crash in the streets and the traffic .

Well I see that it is agood idea , but is it realiastic one which we can make it true ? .
That is the point , the researches are lots , the ideas , the studies and even the suggetions also are many , they talk about the cars and the solution they can be insight with it in their global vision ( the global vision of the sientifice and the researchers ) , but can they and I mean the responsibilites persons also , can they make the people use fewer cars in the future .

Thus , I think that there must be taxes and laws which inforced by the responsiplers towards the people to use one car instead of four cars in the same house , anf that will be agood factor to make the count of the cars few , adiditionally , there must be lectures and programmes whish orgnizated for the people to increase their environmently consious tounderstand and know the aims and the distinations of the idea whish standing on using fewer cars in the futur , and educate them the main effects of that phenomenon ( using lage numbers of cars ) , the effects on their children health and what can it cause of the diseases of the smokes whish pushed from these cars to the environment , aquestion need an answer ...
why we ca n't try to use bicyles in stead of the cars if our works near our houses , or our tour will not be far away and leave the cars for the far away jobs ?
I disagree with the following statement .
First , I think I am a member of young people ( Now I am a 15 years old ) .
This sentence says that young people enjoy life more than older people do , But I am still young , So I ca n't image about a member of older people .
Life of oneself is fun or not fun ...
young people ca n't ask this question without getting older and older , and get a lot of experience .

And second , does young people really know about `` hapiness '' ?
I think people who choosed `` agree '' says , `` If young people is getting older and older , they ca n't enjoy many things when they have a lot of power . ''
.
But needless to say , only
I strongly agree with this statement because when I look up to a successful person as an example I find someone that try something new , develop new abilities that maybe he or she did not know they have and as a consecuence make them move forward .
I know a carpenter that was making 7 dollars per hour , but today is a millionar , why ?
Somebody gave him an opportunity to work in a big project ' They offerered to him to built the roofs of a series of buildings , even though he never did that kind of job , he did not reject it .
He got trained in that area of construction and the people were so happy when the work was finished that gave him more work .
In a couple of years he became no an empleoyee but the owner of his own constrution company .
Young people definitely do not give enough time to their communities .
It is true for two main reasons : the growing trend of competion in reaching acceptable social standards and the plenty kinds of ammusement that are available .

Since the information age is the new age , education is nomore about being informed rather it is about how being informed and what information is the best or more accurate .
That is what is needed to achieve acceptable social standards that everyone wants to reach .
So everyone should compete very hard to obtain higher standards .
The higher standards the highly ranked in society you are .
The problem is when people are trying their bests to reach high standars they spend most of their time studying .
the result is they do n't spend much time with their community .

When time for studying and hardwork is finished , these people spend their time on lots of ammusements that keeps them away from their community .
A video game can make you spend the whole day or at least the whole evening in fro
I agree with the statement because I have seen this events in many oportunities .
There are important differences between successful people and no successful people .
First , they are alweys doing new or different things .
Second , they are taking risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Of course , there are n't only a success ' method , depend of the person and his/her situation but this is important .

First , the successful people is notorious because usually they are doing things news .
For instances , when all the people are doing big computers , had people that are thinking about to do personals computers .
Steve Wosniak , Steve Jobs and another people are doing meetings and clubs for to talk about big changes in the world with the computers .
They are thinking about building and selling personal computers .
They found successful companies such as apple and microsoft .
So , they did things new .

Second , the successful people are taking risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
This is true .
For instances , when Wosniak is bigining with his emprise he must decided about his job in HP .
He loved his job and he was loyal with HP but , he mus take the risk and to left his job in HP in order to found and was working in this own emprise .
He take the risk .
He left his job and he found his own emprise and finally he had success .
Different people have different opinions above whatever it is better to have borad kowledgd of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Most peole think that it is important to specialize in one specific subject these days .
But i think it is significant to have borad knowledge of many academic subjects .

There are two reasons why i think that .
First , broad knowledge is able to find out what i really want to be ( self - development )
For the example , many people do not sure until people take part in their work .
they do not kow what subject suit to them .
But if they have broad kowledge , they are able to know about it more easy and fast .

Second , throught borad knowledge people can have many relationship .
For the example , if ther want more studying for lots of knowledge they should take part in class .
Naturally , they will connect many people .
it makes them to
on the one hand , the following statement about advertisement show us that there is a real opposition .
As far as i m concerned I would say that it seems to be true about this , because advertisements are present to inform people about something .
But as we can remarque , is that finally people doesnt understand all the signification on them .
But on the other hand , we can remaraue that peaple take lots of interest about them because they product better than they really are .
For example , we can underline that children or teenagers points theirs fingers on them because advertisements creates a social movement .
Be at the top is very important for young people .
everyone want to show to the other that he can bring or wear what he saw on the advertisement .
That s why , sometime , avertisements can products much than they are .

But , there is differents form of advertisements .
So I think that , its create the difference .
Obviously , internet , tv program or paper in the street can influence people bying .
That why , I can say that advertising take a big place and certainly most .
I agree for shor .
haw can the studens pas the exams haw can the be the best ?
I think thes is the reale questhion .
Ideas its the way to under stand the facts .
So if the student len haw to the , if the studen lern how to use ther ideas the will can araived to the fact .

most poeple do understand the fact but mos poeple can not araived to the ideas .

If we teech students the wat to understand ideas the will lern the fact emegetly .
the ideas is the topec of the facts .
lrenikg the studens the ideas have many advantegis :
First , the will do good thing to ther contry by giving them
same ideas .
Socend it will help them to be a good persons ik thes life .
Last but not least it will help them to pass in the school , in the unevercety and in the life .

that wy we should lren them the ideas
A lot of people belive that It is more important for students to learn fact .
However , I agree with that It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
Here are some seficific reason to support my opinion .

First of all , If people just learn fact they would think just result and they would care about only fact besides any processing .
When I was in high school I was that kind of person who just care about result and fact and I just studied and memorize a lot of things .
It seemed worked couple of times .
I got good grade until I was in freshman but I got really bad score in history class .
I was upset because I thought I knew pretty well about history so I complained to history teacher .
At that time , my teacher said that I logically remember everything for example If she asked `` Which year did it happen ? ''
I could answer but If she asked `` Which happened below that happend ? ''
I could not answer .
That is because I just remembered the fact I did not care about why I happended .
After that I changed a style of way to study and tried to understand concepts and ideas not only fact and I got higher score in history class and even other classes too .

second of all , If students just studyed fact It would also not good for their patient .
They would learn What is the begining and result .
Thesedays Lots of people can not be patient they can not wait only a few minute .

In conclusion , It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
I think that is better to have broad knowledge , because so there are more possibility of to have a well jobs .
This may to help at move in some directions when a problen arrive .
This is most important for future carrier and sucessfull .
Today there are many problems and to have a good knowledge of many academic subjects begin fondamental for resolver them .
I am much preparated for many academic subjects , but I am not very well in english .

The `` MV Agusta Brutale 910 R '' is the best motorcycle of all .
There are many impressive advertisements in every countries to make their products look nice .
However , I sometimes dissapoint its value when I buy , because it is really different from they are .
That 's the method of atracting people to buy their goods and that 's the only way that people know about the products .

In my oppinion , it is important to make goods look nice for sellers because they have to sell products as much as possible because they spend a lot of money for the advertisements .
For example , one company which sells goods cheaper than othere companies in Japan .
They do n't use big advertisements .
Their goods are worth of the price but it 's not atractive at all .
For getting customers and improving their quality , it is important to have a advertisements .
competition is good for customers , too .

It is difficult to know about products without any advertisements because that 's the only way to let people get across .
It has to be catchy and impressive .
If there are same kind of products at the same time , it 's difficult to decide which one to buy .
I think it is also an important ability to show the products nice for the companies .

In conclusion , for these reasons that I mentioned , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It 's neccesary for the modern society 's competition .
No one can deny that the sociaty is developing faster and faster .
During the last twenty yeas most of the people were acustomed to the bus and they treated the car as a dream , but now most of the people have their own cars .
And it is no longer ardours for us to buy one .
As well , there are some defects in cars to agaist people use them when some new machine come out .

Firstly , the world is developing in a unblievable rate , the diversification makes more transportation go into our sight .
The car is not the barely tool we can use to move from one place to another -- airplanes , trains and some others are in possission of the impotant status .
No necessary do we need to

Secondly , cars make contributions to the world pollution more and more serious .
In the past , since no manifold cars in the streets , no one pay much attention to the air pollutiong and sound pollution , meanwhile , now , this issue can not be neglected any more .
From the statistic showed in SINA .
COM , majority of the people suggest that the car is condiered the one of the pollution resoures .
If we are in want of solve the environment problem , the elementary thing is reducing the cars .
I believe that the govornment will do sometiong for it .

Last but not the least , in twenty years , many skilled companies are able to create some other machines instead of the car which will use less or unuse the oil and be more efficient .
At that time , though they must be very expensive at first , peopel shall have more interest in them .

All in all , seemingly , cars have been popular among the world so far , in twenty years , when other kinds of transportation which have are advantages over than them , cars will be decreased rapidly .
Young people usually cost lots of time on computer , cell phone and go out for fun besides school and work time .
But I do n't think it means they do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I think the communities ca n't separate form the common actives and people .
Young people can learn a lot in friends , computer and somthing or someone they meet in life .

For example , I always cost a lot of time on computer and interenet .
I met many kinds of people online I will not find at school .
I always can find new things from them .
And I can aways get the news online when I want .
But in the eyes of other people , maybe I just play the computer all dat and do not give enough time to helping my community .

That is why I do not think young people they do not give enought time to helping their communities .
I think they just change their ways to do it .
Nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities because they are more thing to do .

I think that young people likely would help their communities but they have not the time for do it .
An example I go at university everyday when to back go at home I study , eat , sleep and i have not the time to talk with my friends .
I have not time to talk with my friend and I do n't help the people more near to me for this reason I can not help my communities .

I think that many people like me have same problem because nowadays in the life there are more stress than in the past .
I do n't think that one person do n't help her-his communities If he/she can do it .
Today we think only at to work because in this society is the best opportunity for to have much money and to have in this way a good life .
In the past , pheraps , there is not the stress that there is nowadays .
I know that this a incorrect behavior but I want to think about me before of to think to helping my communities .

However when I can give enough to helping my communities I do n't have problem do it .
Infact in my life I helped many people also because I work without to earn money in the hospital however when I had more free time while now with the university I have not time .

In my opinion this problem is only problem about the time , the fast to live and other problem of this type but no for choise .
I agree with that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they alreday know how to do well .
Many people of successful in business have a goal like bid dream .
Because of that they knew how exciting when got tha goal from before success .
Therefore , they need to feel more exciting and advanture things .
There are two examples why they need more and what they have differ than others who is not successful person .

First of all , they have more confidence about everything .
Because they have many experience than others .
Beside they have pride also .
Therefore , they really want to win in business in other hand they rearlly hate lose from somebody .
This is morovating them to try and try .

Second , they realized this `` no pain no gain '' therefore , they can accept many kind of risks to get their business like more money .
There are no money and no success without risk and danger .
They knew this fact , it makes success them in society .
In conculsion , successful people try new thing and take risks due to get more success and money .
i agree , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
if a student understand ideas and concepts , he will be able to do the work .
he will learn while doing a job .
for example , if a computer enginer learn how to write a program or how to make a website on the net , he will do the best thing .
moreover , he will add his creativity and do something which is not made by anybody .
and he improve himself when working and creating .

if a student learn facts only , he will do work like robot .
he do what he learn in class .
he does not do anything else .
this make decrase in his creativity and some time will come he never do creative work after all .

famous universities teach only ideas and concepts .
they not teach fact .
students which are graduated in these popular universities will become good place in their work life .
in addition they earn a lot of money .
if they learned only facts in universities , they would be a unfamous , ordinary people .

countries are require people who learn ideas and concepts of work .
they give a good job for these people , give good wage and everybody knows that people 's name in the country .

i will learn and understand ideas and concepts .
i will concentre only thats while i will be studying in the univesity .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use thene ther are today .
Some people agree with thes statment and some do n't .
There are many advanteges and disadvanteges for it .

The advanteges of having cars or not are many such as the air polution will be less because many people will use bicks .
The second thing is people will not need to pay for gas every week .

The weather in my country is very hot so we must use cars espsialy is summer and that is a disadvanteges of not having cars .

At the end my opinion is that I disagree with this statment because the weather is to hot in my country and no one can walk or us a bick is such a hot weather .
I agree with it .
Nowadays young people are changing .
They just think about them selves .
Internet and minings are changing so made them to think about them selves .
Why I said Internet makes us change is , in Internet we are allowed to do everything and have own worlds .
We have own hompies blogs so we can get happiness from decorating thosese , and watching what they made .
In Internet nobody cares , no one know who I am , so we can do whatever we want .

Consequently we ca n't think about others , because we have many things to do for them selves .
So we dont give times time to helping their communities .
But I thing helping their communities are more vaulable then decorating , or having fun in unreal world .
I think we should get more interst in communicates .
I disagree with this statement .
Because not everybody likes what i like and i dont have to like what everybody likes .
Thats why i would rather go alone .
But there might be somebody like me , which i mean by this is any person who likes to do stuff that i do or likes the things that i like .
I am really sorry to continue like this but right now i am taking the test in a room with 5 more person other than me and we all are taking the test with the computer .
But right know i am in the writing section and some of us are still in the speakin section and i really can not concentrate on what i write .
Also its been on all the sections because we use the head phones it makes alot of noise and it seriously very hard to stay on task .
I really study for this test and i was hoping that i would do good in this test but under this conditions i dont think i did good .
I guess i will have to retake the test .
I just wanted to tell you what i felt about the stuation .

THANKS
The statement about most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are .
I agree about this point , I agree because this is from my experience in my life , when I saw some new product advertisement from the televioson , it always attract me , and I felt a urage from myself , I want to own that product .
I want to bacome the same as they show it on the televison , but when I saw them from the shop or when I purcheased them , I found not very effective or same as they advertise .
for example .
the shampoo , we always see the model show their hair in the advertisements , it look like a falls .
beautiful , shinning , but when you buy and use it , no doubt , toally different hair from the advertisemenrt , I think the same or similar examples are not difficult to find in your life .
so most advertisements make product seem much better than they really are .
so some people will say , it is fake , it destory the rights of customer , but this is a stratege of business .
when they use some computer technique to change amd make much better than original product , it will encourage their product an oppertunity , people see their new product 's advertisement and it appeal people , then thay will go to the shop , that is an oppertunity to let the people `` feel '' their product and that can see what it is looks like , they can touch that product and thay will considear about thay willing to buy it or not .
advertisement is not a directly way to show the quanty of that product is good or not .
it just want make interested of people and appeal tham , and let them know that product , and give an oppertunity to touch and get close to their product .
this is an stratege of busniess .
The fist cars start circulate during the first worl war , but this cars were just for rich people .
After the second warld war , people feel better and had the possibility to had a job and improve their standard of life .
CArs factory understand that the car will be the symbol of wellness of the maa society , and start to project cheap and smart cars that a normal familt could bought .
Since this years , cars develope in their structure , in design , in confort , and the in number !
Today a family composed by four people has two cars , one for each parents .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today for dirrerent reasons .

For example , when one of the sons can drive a car , usually use one of his parents 's car , but sometimes boys that can buy a car just for themselves .
This is a big problem for the health of the world .
Today we can see the big metropolis in the world .
There is too much traffic of cars !
In this enormous cities people ca n't walk in the street , there is too much smog in the air and they ca n't breathe .
Traffic is also very noisy , this is the main cause of acustic pollution .
Our cities are growing up very queekly and the situation that we can see today in the big cities will be also in the small cities and in the country .

Car factory try to design new motors and new cars to control the air and the acustic pollutions that cars caused , but if the number of the cars will grow up , this not solve the problem .

I think that every people in the world have to be something about this and can do something to stop this diredtion .
I have the possibility to buy a new car but I will use my mother 's car until I will need my own cars .
Every one can use public transport and governement have to do something to increment people to use it
I do not agree that in twenty years there will be be fewer cars in use than there are today .
We could n't stop to use car that give freedom in our life .
Even they have polluted the enviroment since first gas engine built , it can be fixed by new generation powertrain component .
For instance , emmision group have set up regulation for the ciritcal value of exhauts gas and substances .

In fact , human population increase rapidly than we hope and all people need vehicle such as car to use efficiently their time .
Car help us to go whatever we want without awating anything .
It is also critical that you can safe anybody'life with car .
Cars are our hand and improve our social acivity .
You can get your firends or family even they are far away from your home .
you may use your phone to reach them but your sound is not enough sometimes .
If you want to see anybody or being anywhere with your own decision than you need car to do all .

In the mean time , shape of the car and engine trend will be different from nowadays that all useful items in terms of humanity could be added on it .
But all of them wo n't decrease the usage of cars .

New trends allow the people get cars more cheaper and use alernative energy source to prevent giving any damage the habitat .
Moreover people feel more freedom to do what they want .

.
Everbody try to get more than one car for their parents and boy so that they can dirve their way .
All in all , car production will be increased annualy and help people any point of their life .
It is neccesary that govermant should give some financial advantage to company produced car .
it helps people dreams become real so that they will be happy .
I think older people enjoy life more than young people .
There are two reasons .
Will , knowledge and money .
First of all , it is will .
older people think how to life .
Because they had busy time when they were young .
For example , doing job and growing own children and housu keeping and so on .
I have heard that they want to do something which they want .
They talk to me what they want when they have free time .
In other words , they have something to do after retired .
And they have `` will '' , which they are going to enjoy it .
I Otherwise there are less experence for young peole .
So they want to do many tinng , either .
For exzmple , sport and study .
Doing those is very fun for young people .
But sometime young people do not those by own wish .
Someone , who is their parents and teachers so on , let them do .
I think thinkings of older people is real enjoying life .

Second point is knowledge .

Third point is about money .
Money is necessary to enjoy life for people .
In Japan , older people can get pentions .
So there are many mony which they use for myself .
I think money is not everything , but it is important to enjoy life .
Older people can go to trip , going to house where their grandchirldren ive .
I went to trip with family .
Then we went to hotel , we called to front .
Because we have to lieave at hotel so we want to pick up the baggage by hotelman .
One hotelman took a phone .
Then he said '' I am going to go to your room soon .
He was good answering .
But we were waiting 20 minitus , But He was not coming .
He said soon .

if you said something .
I think we have to keep own word
I agree the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are two reason for this , physical strength and less responsibility .
First , generally youg people have better physical condition than older people .
With a time has past , people become to get aged and the pysical conditon become worth .
Having strong condition give young people more time .
For example , it is possibel for healty young people to get up early in a morning , drive to mountain , enjoy picnic , and have a party after comming back from picnic .
Physical strengh give young people possible to use their time tightly .
Same 2 days weekend means different for those tough youth and tired old people .

Next , young people tend to have less responsibility in family and society compare with older people .
Single young people just need to take care of themselves .
That means cost for living is not high , so that they can chose their job by thier own idea .
If they do not like the job , they can quit a job and look for another .
It is easy for young people to live alone .
But for old peple , specially have family , it is totally different .
They have a responsiblity to take care of their families .
If the one who wants to quite a job , it is not easy to decide .
They have to finde a job that pay them much enough to take care of their families .
In society , more old people have higher position than yong people .
Those higher position also give high pressure to old people .
They have to take care of not only their families but also their staff in their organizations .

Because of those two reasons , I agree the idea that young people enjoy thier life more than old people do .
`` If you do not like to claim the montens , you will stay between the the holl and mad '' , avery well Arabic pronoun .
That means success on the live need to work very hard to obtian what you looking for , not only do what you always know .

This belive chang my live combletly , I had a good jub , wanderful appartment , nice car , and so many frienly relashenship .
however , I leave them and take riskes to travel to the USA and contunue my staduing seeking to admission to Master degree in Psychology chool .
I can stay in as ateacher in my home but I do not want to do the same thing every day .
Trerfore , I am sure , one day I will returen to my home to teach but this time not in high school .
It will be at the most famus univercity in my home which called King Fahad University .

I have brother who is teaching over than 13 years and he stell on the sate situation becouse he does not like to take risks .

finally , `` If you do what you always did , you always get what you always gote ''
Day by day the world getting global the people thoughts getting common This good development bring same bad behaviour to the people One of this behaviour is being selfish wh'ch mostly appears on young people Nowadays it can be seen on the young people life style They see the life not just for living in a safe and sound they want to earn much money the good skills and the comfortable conditions / And by making this life advantages they are forgetting to the importance of the being social They spent all the time to going around and for resting or samething which is not useful for the public They are getting used to living just for themselves They never thing about their responsibilities for the social life Maybe the life push them to that way They learn from their history to be more social and helpful but the nowadays adults don not show them how to react and what are the tasks for the being a fertile They pushed from adults living just for their future just to earn money and educate themselves very well and after these they have no time left to help their
I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do because they have not realy problem .
Young people does not think money or dead .
They think only divertiment , live with them friends , drink alchool and smok .
The young girl think only apparing on tv for acquire reputations and tv celebrity .
During the normal people go to works or go to university .
Also all think the best future .
I agree that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts then it is for them to learn facts .
In a student age it is very much essential to get a idea and concept on the subject before learning facts .
For example maths is a subject where we shoud have an idea and the concept ie logical thinking of how we should do the problem .
If we dont have concept of how to do addition then how can we proceed furrter .
Concept is like a root to devolop furter .
When a student can understand about the idea and about the concept it is very much easy to learn about the fact .
The student if he starts understanding the concept and idea he can never forget the things .

witout a concept studying is simply muging up .
When the student starts understanding about the idea and the concept of a subject it is very much easy for him to learn .
At the student age only our main idea and the concept starts .
If a student is learning anything without a concept is something like root without a stem .
Whenever we want do something we shoud have an idea of what to do in a similar manner whenever a student is studying or doing any practical he shoud have an idea of wat to do and concept of it and then think about the facts .

Many students loose the oppurtunities because of lack of devoloping ideas , and lack of concept in the subject .
I feel if we have an idea and concept on the subject it is very much easy to learn .
Secret of success of many students because of there conceputial way of studying .
I conclude that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Some peple think that is better to have broad knowing of many academic subjection , while others think is better specialize in one specific subject .
I will describe both point of views and espress my own opinion .

On the one hand , some people believe it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic sucjects for some reasons .
They think it because they consider having many knowing is helpful for our life .
For example , you will be able to have more possibility to resolve a problem if you have a board knowledge of many subjects .

Also

O the other hand , there are some people that believe it is better to specialize in one specific subject instead have broad knowledge of many academic sucjects .
They think in this way because they think that in our society is better to specilize in one subject so you can contrast the development of the disemployment in these years .
For example you will have more pssibility to found a work if you specialize in one specific subject .

Finally , I think that it is better in our world to specialize in one particular subject because in my opinion this is the only method for having a sure job in the modern world .

Nowadays I think having a good job is one the most important thing , therefore if you have n't one you will always have big problem .
For this reasons I hope in my future to be able to degree in mechanical engeneering .
As a matter of fact I think we first start with the term young , who are young people , to count a young people should we in a certain range of age or should we distinguish certain behaviours .

We all leave in a global interacting society , as humans we all have functions for the development our social and culturel life , as i 'm trying to say you can not society into parts ( Like young or old ) you uoght to think as a whole .
People do not leave alone mostly they live in crowded cities .
On this cities you are in an interaction with the rest these could be either young or old .
Sharing a place to live with others means rules for society order preservation .
These rules could be written ; like laws or could be unwritten like cultural conventions or practices .
The one who did'nt came against these rules ought to live untouched .

It is easy to blame or recriminate each other for behaving in an un acceptable way .
Instead of this tpe of behaviour we should requestion themselves both as an old or a young member of the society .
We first try to find the mistake on ourselves than putting the blame on other side .

If there 's a clash between young and old members of the society both sides shoul held the problem together and try to find a solution together , as this problem may not giving enough time for their communities or not doing their obligations .

we can say if there is a problem this all ours we should solve it with all parts of the society
When we are young we spend a lot of time following amusments and keeping enjoying , but when we grow we begin to leave these kind of entertainments .

The youngest people are less of problem or responsability and so they can spend time only to enjoy themselves .
In my humble experience when i was young , my life consisted in having fun .
I keep meeting with my friends and I was not interested in thinking about my future .

But while the time passed , I would keep growing and also my ideas and my kind of life .
In fact now I have many responsabilities and I must have the just maturity to decide when i can enjoy myself or not .

For instance , I 'm studing fashion design and I want to became an important fashion designer so sometimes i must make some renunciation to obtain my goal .
In according to my experience I agree with the statement that is , `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .

But there are other cases in which also old people enjoy their life like child .
I disagree with these type of living because I think that when we are old we must reach a certain maturity .
We cannot enjoy ourselves forever .
Products seem much better than they really are .
This is a particular problem because at the moment there is a contrast between products and their really values .
The born of ogm , and some different new product had cause the `` end '' of natural products .
They 're very important for the human survival and for development of words but th `` new theories '' had changed the etical values and they are chaing the face earth .
The people are influenced directly from these problems and they are dieing quikly .
The contrast between economical proficts and human soul is a concept old like the earth .
People go at a rich life and cut their emotions , their values and their concept of tranquillity life .
So the '' no good products '' are really into the filosofical world of '' Macchiavelli '' .
Yes , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
hence I eleborate below .

Students must know ideas concepts with this only the learn facts .
In schools universities they learn ideas and concepts with education .
By this knowledge they can learn facts .

If they understand the ideas and concept they can do what they want to do .
With this they will suceed .
Learning facts means by experince .
After concepts only we can learn .

Students has to understand ideas and concepts so that they can learn facts fastly .
Without concept we cannot learn facts .

Hence on weighing pros and cons the statement is agreed .
The importance for students to understand ideas and concepts .
later they can learn facts .
Strike the iron when it is hot .
Facts are the past records and experience .
In the world there are lots of succsessful people , and this people to be sucsessful takes risks and try new things so that they can be successful this is whay i agree .

In our daily life there are lots and lots of succsessful pepole they try new things and take risk just to continue there sucseedments .
So i totaly agree that succsseful people try new things and take risks they have a tough job in taking risks its not easy , they can even go bank robsy if they take a risk an fail , they usually hire lots of people to help them in taking correct desions .

if a succssesful person has a restaurent he has an idea so for example a restaurent owner has from time to time get new ideas about new diches and when he make this diches they might be delishes and they might not so if the dishes are delicious they turn to be a winning process because he already took a risk while doing this new dish and surprisingly it worled but if it didnt work this would be a bad , he wouldve lost his coustomers but like i said surprisingly it worked and his more suseccful .

this was a case with a winnig owner if we go to a looser if he did the same thing and he lost in taking his risk that means less customers will come and less profit he will get lets say no body came anymore he will turn out to be a looser .

in conclusion i think that making write choises is very important to let your buisness working and for being a successful person .
the most important think in a succsssesful person is to be honest and kind , beleive me if you take risk and it work you will sucseed .
The gap between young and old people is a kind of discrimination , which effects are increasing in our modern societies .
Recently , the drought in France revealed a critical issue , by causing the death of old and lonely people .
Although explanations can be found to justify this statement , I believe that only the physical body is getting older while the soul could last ever .

If we tend to define what is enjoying life , people would try to record happy memories .
Young people carry projects and dream about conquests .
The old people have the nostalgy of their youth and will help justify such a statement .
Being young is the time for first times and it happens once ...

Categorizations are dangerous .
What happens after the limit is crossed ?
When does a person begin to be unhappy ?
After a certain time they are put outside of society : loss of a professionnal status , difficulty created due to medical care needs .
Other cultures , puts the old people on the top of a pyramidal hierarchy in a society , ours could soon bring as a conclusion , that if being old is being unhappy , we could shorten lives by euthanasy .

Unhappy old people is the easy answer to the fear of getting old and to death .
Students can understand ideas that is more relevent to them and thier opion .
I though that learn facts is important for the students also but I disagree I think that learning facts moer affictive to students becouse its in there life and they can used in several area .
As we know that ideas help students to learn facts but it is asupporded material for example the gravition is facts that suppored dy ditail .
For example the ideas is why the apple full down so the ideas became before the facts and after expermintion the ideas be came facts so the live is fact and the end is facts and some ideas can make facts cultuer is fact for that students must learn facts and anderstand the ideas to improve thier skills .
Succesful people try new things and take risks ratherthan only doing .
At now a days people like to create new think or new idea on the work , those get succes , more people they take risks on the work at present all the works complecated that is more difficult .
We take any job that will not come essily that job people try most experienced in privious works it came also more critical .

The most of people trying to create new idea on their work for example we take any television channel , it is creates new ideas on society , how to runs in dayly life that is people who creates dangours situvation in society .
This thinns are shows on t.v , and also shows how has take the risks on dayly lif .

When ever doing these new ideas or things and take risks doing in life these people get successful in dayly life , people these days more stablulity on thier work at that time take risks on the work .
At not htis time i mean competition time , at any time people thinking of new ideas and take risks on the over life .
When we take an company , that company nedds only new ideas of project or any work , the company wants only new things and any empolye take risks on that project or any work htat persons only this is the successful people try new things and takes risks rather than only
In this period a lot of young people have n't a lot of time for help his communities ; if every person go out for walk can see that the new generation do n't have an intresting to the comunity .

I think we can help the comunity with a very simple action every day when we make a foot over our house .
I can divided the category express in the question into two another part : the young people tha go to a primary school , and the people that go to the university .

I do this division because the person that are insert in this two categorys have only a little different of age but have a bigger different of think .

The young person who frequented the university have a responsability of all the elements that are situated aroun you but the another division hav n't any type of respect in reguard of the person and the object .

This young peolpe have little time for helping the comunity because they spend a lot of time for themselfe , for buy a lot of object that can make better his aspect an his realtion with the member of the group in wich pass a lot of time during the day .

I do n't say that in every moment every peolple must do something for the comunity but I think that is most important have a respect of all the elements that are located around us .

It 's strange look in my town a lot of old person that do a lot of activity for make better the comunity or the town .
For me is better see the young peolpe do that , because certanly they can make it more fast .

I think that the young peoplehave the necessary time for helping their comunity but they prefer spend it for another activity tha make better themself .
In conclusion say that it 's most important help the comunity because the old person have create the comunity were we live , and us must do the same for created a better comunity for the future were our children can live .
My opinin that one hundred % young people enjoy there life more than old people .
first pont that we have a good healthe and our badyes are more than badyes .
like when we go out to camping with a friend we can stay out for 3 days but if we are old we will spend one day then we will feel tired and cant moive our bady for one more stap , there are alot of thing young people can do it or feel it more than older .
other thing a young peole can ran maybe 30 m and the old peole can ran for 15m unless they will be to tried and feeling scik .
there is no problem to live there life like they want but there is same rales to do it and keep on it like haveing same sport and haveing a dite or balance food and keep on it .
the second thing l think it it 's young people can enjoy there time more than older because young can doning party and still wakeup until 6 am with out sleep and having fun without feeling tired or feeling noisy from muisc .
also young people can drink and eat every thing they want sweets food with a lot of calory they dont care about it they will think that we will be sick because we eat alot of food .
the meain point in this toip that every age of people life have other meaing old is old and young is young we cant chang or clear this thing if we do alot of saiugory and but alot of makeup we can not remove this samell lines in our face so be you are shelf than you will feel you are life .
and for young people l hape spend every minentis for there age in fun ways and happy thing and forget the sad and crying
Academic subjects are very importantant to impart knowledge to the students .
It is always better to have many academic sbjectsto have broad knowledge than to choose or specialise in one specific subject .
There are many reasons to support this argument .

Broad knowledge of many academic subjects improves overall knowledge of the student by collecting the information from the different subjects .
Extensive knowledge always helps student to have a overall picture of the life .
It not only helps the student to be familiar with the subjects but also to bebe skilful and versatile in later life .

During schooling the young aolescents should learn all the academic subjects such as politics , history , social sciences , environmental sciences , biological sciences , mathematics , laguagesand lost butnot least is the music and drama .
After starting college education the students have to learn many subjects on abroad basis in one group op of related faculties or areas of subjects .
So , tapering of quantity of subjects will bestarted at the level of college studies .
In spite of tapering the student would be studieng many related subjects , for example , a student of B.Sc ( biological sciences ) would be studying subjects such as , Botany , Zoology , Physics and Chemistry .

By taking one specific subject a syudent could not learn all that he is supposed to
I think that it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
From now on , I mention two reason for my this opinion .

The first reason is because modern society or companies search for the person who is specialist .
Recently , society is becoming worse in a sense of economy .
There are many companies which can not manage .
So society or companies need a person who has special skills or knowledg .

The second reason is because I think the person who has a special knowledge is strong in many fields .
If specialized , you can get various occupations .
You will be cherished by many besiness persons .
To have special knowledge change you as specialist .
So you will be strong .

In conclusion , I think it is important to specialize in one specific subject .
To do so , your ability will be higher and higher .
I agree with hte statement because undrstanding ideas and concepts is alot better and easier than learning facts .
Because of many reasons .
First understanding the idea make easier to remember and make memorible in their brains .
For example , when i understand an idea about the `` earth movement '' ican easy remember it later and explain it to another person .
The second reason is if someone understand about a subject it will help him later in the future at work .
For example , when we were children they tought u at school the basics of Math then we understood it then know hoe to deal with big math problems nowadays .
the third reason is a lot of subjects need to concentrate with it and understand it such as chimstry because with this subject you neded to understand the numbers the words so you ca n't just lesrn the `` facts '' and if you did you make a mess .
The fourth reason is , when you have an exam you will write the answer easily because you know it and biswade with it and it 's stored in your head .
On the other hand `` learning facts '' is not to bad because some people are working with it works with them .
But there is alot of problem with it but it can be a temprary situation then you can proceed to the better level wich it `` understanding '' .
And on of the problems with learning facts that it 's not easy with math , chimstry and physics .
So it wo n't help you with these subjects , but also works with history a lot .
So there advanteges and disadvanteges with the both .
Bit if we put them in a scale we will see that the `` understanding ideas and concepts '' is the winner style .
I do not think that travel in a group led by a tour guide is the best way .
One of the reasons which I think so is that I cannot go to the place where I want to go during the travel because the travel schejure is determined .
When I triped , I often experienced that I visited my freind lived near the place where I went then .

Also , I do not be happy for the travel with prople who I do not know and very worry .
If I trip with my family or my freinds , this trip is very good for me .
Therefor , I want to trip without a tour guide .
I do not agree to this point of view , that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
There are a lot of aspects , which speak against this .

The best example is in my opinion a doctor .
A doctor helps people , when they have physical problems .
I do not think that a doctor tries new things and takes risks , because this can lead to very negative effects , if he does this .
So he always has to do , what he has learnt and nevertheless he is very successful , although he always does he knows how to do well , but he helps other people .

Another example is the racing sport .
The car pilots cannot take risks , because also there this can lead to very negative effects and they would risk there own life , if they drive dangerously just to win a race and to be succesfull .

There are a lot of other jobs , where you cannot take any risks because this would have great effects on your own or other peoples ' lifes .
But zou can also be successful , if you take risks or trz new things , what the examples show .
I agree with this statement .
There are three reasons .
First , in twenty years there will be more trains at the city than today .
So people can choose car or train when they go out .
Second , in twenty years people will be worry about the environment than today .
I think that people should be worry about the environment of the world future .
Third in twenty years the number of the population will be getting down .
That is why I agree with this statement .
Will we success if we always make a decision through the old way ?
In my opinions , this is a quit clealy answer .
I believed that if we want to creative a really achivement , we have to make change that 's for sure .
If someone wants to be successful , he or she must have the characters bellow : First of all , old things wo n't attract people .
For instance , we wo n't buy another product for their same function or appear .
We will purchase something because of its newest and fleshest nomatter in any aspects .

In addition , ability in make a right decision is a key to success .
The differents between the leader and members is determine alility .
It is obvious to look their position in salary .
Leader were the one got the high payment in a job .

Finally , the most important character in successful people is a precisely foresee .
This is the heart for a person who will earn the respect and acomplishment .
Those people always saw the opportunities we will never see and seize this adventage to make a big profits and large benefit .

To sum up , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Because they have the talents or abilities to convince people to join with them , make the right decision without pain as well , and saw the chances advence .
All the people known that if people want to be success they must try a lots of new things and also the people should take risks .
If only doing things that they already know , the people should not be success or maybe make long time get successful .

First , successful people try new things and take risks can make them work hard .
Successful people expecilly young like try new things to attack them concentrate , so they want discover or know the new things whick others do n't know that .
If they interest that , the successful people must be work hard than other time , that 's good for them carneer .

Second , if successful people like risks , they can improve them make more money for their business .
If some people like stock , only the people have enough money and experiences , it 's not enough , people also should like challageing , so people can get succesful than before .

Finally , though successful people would like try new things and take risks , but sometimes it 's not good for their heathy .
Most people only work in office , they do n't like do the sport and do more exercise , that really a big problem in the society .

I think Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing waht they already know how to do well .
That 's why some peolpe can get success .
I would disgree with this statment having the broad knowledge of many acaemics subjects than to specialise in one specific subject because everyone would have their own choice of subject , so they prefer to be specialised in that particular subject .
Notonly that many of the students would have grip over particular subject .
It becomes difficult for the student to understand the unfamilier subject it would distracts them from their regular courses .

For an example if we consider the undergraduated student who have undergone his studies practicular field of subject such as computersciences , communications etc .
These undergraduted students who undergone specific courses would prefer to take specialisation in particular subject since they have know about the subject .
If the student of computers would prefer to the broad knowledge about the electronics then that student face a problem because that would be the unfamilier subject , where he have to learn basics this would distracts him from his regular course .

If we prefer to be specialised in the particular subject of our intertest then we could learn more about the subject i.e from basics to the recent developments .
We would may much attention towards the subject and also shows much enthusiasm in that specific subject because it is the subject of our interest .
Knowing everything about particular subject is better .
I totally agree with the statement given above that advertisment make products seem much better than they really are .
If you believe everything what the producers say and what they sale then maybe you think that you buy the best product .
But if you know that they give you not all the information , most people recognize the reason behind the advertisement .

For example in politics , during the election , most of the electors vote for the candidate with the best advertisement .
Though they even know their ambitions .
So the politicians waste most of their money to emphasize their popularity .
But it is no matter of fact that the most popular politician makes the best politics .

I think the importants thing is to get into it if you want to be sure to by the best products .
But you should never be sure if an advertisement told you that you bought the best
I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because we may create new things to transport .
Or , we may try to reduce the number of cars for the environment .

First , I think we may create new other things to transport .
More faster , efficient and economical tool .
In the fact , we are already creating some new things for transporting us .
High speed train is good example .
It is quite expensive to use , but it would be lower because other more high-speeded things to transport will possibly appear .

Moreover , I think we may try to reduce the number of cars so will be fewer cars , because cars produce many impacts for the environment .
They produce carbon dioxide that can break the ozone layer of the earth .
The ozone layer is protecting us from strong UV that can heat up the air of the earth .
Now a days , many people being aware about this .
So , in the future , we will be more sensitive for the einvironment .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement , because we may create new other method to transport instead of cars and we may try to reduce the number of cars for our environment in the future .
I agree with the statemant that better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects the following reasons .

The first of all , people take many acagemic subjects that can find their porpose on life to dcision .
Forexample , if to future wanting to do it the person who larned a lot feel of broad lookout on life .

Second reason is that people can make many friends .
For example , when was a hight school student .
I took some subject .
I larned many kind of subject , also I could make difrent types friends .
They have many varietion idea each friend .
It is important for students to understand teorical ideas and concepts because , in that way , they have a model in order to applicate to many problems who they could have .

However , it is important for the students to learn facts besause they can know the solution which other people used to risolve a problem .
An advantage to understand ideas is the possibility , that anyone can make , to model those ideas at the situation which anyone could live .
For example , if I know the definition of one mathematic equation , I can applicate this equation everytime that I need modelling the equation at the case which I want to resolve .

An advantage to learn facts is when I have a problem and I can resolve it without energy spent because I already know the solution .
For example , if I have to do four for four ( sixteen )
I know the result because I learn it at elementary school .
For the above mentioned reasons , I prefer to understand the ideas but I thin that
The problem is if it is better to have a generic academic preparation or to have a specialization in one specific subject .
I am not so agree with this statement and now I will try to explane why .
The advantage to have broad knowledge of many academic subject is that you know `` something of all '' , you can spend it in many sectors of the `` world of work '' and you can do well wherever you want .

But on the other hand , you know something of all but you know it less than a person that have a specific preparation in that , so for an ipotetic work a specialized person will be prefered instead of a person with a generic preparation .

Instead a person with a specialization have some problems if he find a work that he does not know well , he can be confused on what to do .
On the other hand the advantage to have a specific preparation is to do well what we kn

Finally in my opinion we shoud have a basic knowledge , a basic preparation on many academic subject , and then we shoud have a specific area of knowledge to spend better on the `` world of work '' .
I think the best way to travel is traveing alone .
However , if I do n't used to traveling places like language and culture , I need to go there with tour guide .
Consequently , if I trip to somewhere at first , it is the best way to take tour guide 's help .

When I was 6 years old , I travelde in Japan with my family .
At that time , I was so young trip to Japan alone and I could't speak Japan at all .
Abobe all , I could n't be knowing Japanese culture .
After all , I need my parent as a tour guide .
They live in Japan for 7 years and speak Japanese very well like Japanese .
At that time , if I know Japanese a little and their culture , I can enough travel in Japan alone .
If someone do n't know traveing palce 's culture and their languages , they will lose their way and sometimes they make mistakes like food habit .
In india , they ca n't eat cow 's meat for realigious belief and they do n't use sticks when they eat food , they use only their hand .

Of course , if we know traveling palces 's culture and language , we can travel alone .
There are some reasons to travel alone except tour guide .
At first , we can travel freeway .
If we travel some places with tour guide , they will always interuppt us until we traveld to finish .
Second , we can learn their culture and their language for myself .
If we have a few knowledges about thier culture and speak their language a little , we can grow up language skills and our knowledges about othter culture .
And then , we can explain our thinking to friends , family and relatives , so we will feel achivements .

I think it is the best way to trip traveling palces alone if we have enough knowledge about their culture and speak their language .
We can get many things form traveling in strange palces .
Advertising seems to has became a business technique for introducing products , especially in over exagerated way , to gain the public 's attenetion .
Yet , the destire of introducing and showing how good the products are might mislead the public to have an irealistic imagenation .

Some advertisements give exagerated statistics which are not real and give the buyers wrong information while some advertisements only focus on giving the statistics that are benefitial and ignore giving the information on which the products might affect the user after using the products .
For instance , there are lots of advertisements about lossing how much weight in a certain shrort period of time .
These advertisements surely are too exagerated , therefore , lots of the buyers suit the brand because they do not get the same effect as the sample person shows in the advirtisements .

As I mentioned , lots of advertisements use exageration to fasinate buyer and pursuade them how good the products are /
I agree with the following .
There are two reasons .
First , I think if they have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , they would have a wide view points of see many things than to specialize in one specific subjects .
Second , I think they learn many achademic subjects , then they can know what they like or does n't like .
And they know it , they would choose one specific subject .
I think it 's the best way .
For a long time , every people have studied a lot .
We must learn with many subjects , for example history , mathematics , English , and science .
We must know the facts to learn , although it is not enough .
I think we must know the ideas and concepts too .

In genaral , children can memorise more than adults , because their brains are softer .
Though , it will become more difficult to memorise with their growth .
But I heard if there are some concepts or ideas with facts , we do not forget .
There an example .
When we are studing world history , we must know about the World Wars .
The facts are just learn the countries which involved these wars or the people who started to fights .
We memorise them at this time , but we will forget someday .
However , if teacher give students a chance to think about these countries thinking , and they will not forget this experience easily .
Because it will become student 's experience , it not just learn about history .

Secondary ,
Young people can enjoy life more than older people do , I agree with this statement but it is not true in some cases .
The reasons people who enjoy life in young age and old age .

1. They doesnt know the value of money .
If they think how money comes in life few supports to enjoy and few them or not 2 .
They feel that we cant enjoy if we become old but unfortunatly it is practically proved that it is true .
for example im 24 years and my father is 45 years old he wants to enjoy the life more than me and he have lot of money to enjoy the life more but he feels that he is not young .

3.it depends on the people mentality how they behave and how they want and how they like .
But in my case i like to enjoy but i think about money .

4.some people have money and all but they are not intrested to spend time and money with friends and others .
They think that there is no difference for enjoy ment in ages .

5. Few people those who follow with the latest traditions , cultures they like to enjoy the life even though they are old .
6. In my personal opinion Enyoing the life is depend on how we think about life enjoyment it is not related to ages .
7. People who think life is very short they like to enjoy in young age .
8. People who are thinking about life experience they never like to enjoy life .
9. People enjoy in life in old age is my grand father he works and enjoys alot in young age and enjoy now in old age .
10. I feel my family is the best example for this .
Finally i concluded that eyoung people enjoy life more than older people do .
The energy and the motor have some relation in the world .
If some one could find new energy that can replace the old energy -- oil , people in the world would continue using the motor .
Therefore , the motor will not change and will be more and more .
We do not know the new energy will be found , so we cannot predicate the future .
However , we know one thing -- we want a clean environment in the world .

On the other hand , If we finished the oil and also could't find new energy , the motor will be fewer ?
The answer is not exactly .
Because people dorminate the world , they can do everything that they want including make new energy or not .
Now today , People beging to develop new energy like the hyper energy or electronic power .
All of the new energy of the purpose are to contiune the car 's operation .

If you want me agree that twenty years later will be fewer cars in use than today , I wo n't agree .
People wants more convient and good life because they are human .
I think it to be true .
However I think it to be not bad .
Prior to communities , young people do not help even house works .
I think they do a part time job than before .
My mother always says to me `` modern young people do not help housework than in my childhood .
You have to do help me .
I take it for granted . '

I do part time job too .
Because I want to save money and go study abroad .
In my opinion , young people can decide many things by ourselves .
Because there are many things that we can choose .
If we regard heiping our communities as a benefit to us , we would help .
But we have much time to help pour communities .

I live in mantion .
There live many people .
They do not ask help .
So what shall I do ?
What I have to do occure to me
I agree with this opinioan .
I think that to understand ideas are very important for a lot of studen .
Because of these , one thing , usually sutudent need to understand ideas , and the student should care a own skill .
When I was in high scohol and junyor high scohol student , and then to understand ideas were important for me .
Because of this , when I was in the my class , I sometimes did not understand some classes , such as English class , math class , art class .

I did not understood when I took these class , and then I always though '' what should I do ?
or What can I do ? '' because I did not understand what my teater said and what my teater told to me , so my each clasese ' galade was too bad , so I was always nervous when I got a bad glade or I did not understand my teater telling to me .
In additon , to understand ides can heip for in our life because if we can understan clealy when someone who speak or tell to us , we will be able to make more friendly or we will be able to know each another ' opinion .
For exmple , in the company , to understand ideas are important bacause when we are meeting or making new product , and then to understand ideas are important .
Because of this , we will be developed by someone 's opnion , so to understand ideas are importan .
Why I tell the company exsample , reason of this , I think that student and businessman , worker are very simalr , so to understand ideas is important for a student and also businessman and worker .
Therfore , I think that to understan ideas are important for student .
If I always care about to undersatnd ideas , I will be successful , and I will be better student .
Nowadays , people have alot of opptunity to learn more than before .
We learnt broad knowledge from school , socity and so on .
Are we need board knowledge of many academic subjects .
Absoulutaly , the answer is yes .
The more knowledge people learnt , the more advantages of our socity .
For example , Nowadays our conversation contains more and more knowledge which became boarder than before .
We must learnt more from anywhere so that we can talked with others .
Another example , When a person knew everything in a conversation , he must be admired by any other people , It makes him have more atractive .

Of couse , Specialized in one specific subject is also impotant .
we worked in different subjects .
We need to earn by ourselves by our skills , what is the skills -- speciallized in one specific subject .
For example , Yuan Long Ping , a famous sentists in china .
He is worked on argrucature , beacuse of those people , we were always progess , The people Life were more and more better .

One who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more usful than to specialize in one specific subject.a person who have conpoand knowledge is more popular in workplace , beacuse more studies in compand ways .

Nowadays , A person who have broad knowledge is more usful .
The argument of people 's view about having broad knowledge or specific knowledge deserves careful consideration because it 's such a complex one .
Some people hold the opinion that broad knowledge of academic subjects will have more advantages than specific subject .
In my point of view , I prefer having specific knowledge rather than broad one .
There are numerous reasons why I think specific subject is good and I would in here explore a few of the most important ones .

First of all , we come from a collaborational society , therefore , we need lots of different specilaists to improve our problems .
It 's even a tough job for a genium to invent or solve everything we need .
We also know that every people has its adventages no matter he is clever or not , therefore , it 's better to specialize in one specific subject .
If we do that , it will explore more specialists to contribute their capacities to our society .

Another essential reason why I advocate this point is that we can establish our countries ' economic position by cultivating such specialists .
For example , in the past , Taiwan , my country , is an agricultural country .
Later , our ex-precident , in order to make residents living better , tried to find out the better way to improve our economy .
Finally , he found that computer , Internet would be the most popular products in the following century .
Therefore , he planed a policy which about training specialists , encouraging them go aboad to learn the skills .
Under such improvement , we transfer our economic system successfully .

There is an argument to be made by the opposing position .
They might say that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects will enrich people 's view .
But the statement I have presented above , I do believe it 's the most valid .
I agree with this statement .
I shall give you the main reasons for explain my opinion .
In the morden cities , a lot of young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This situation is created by the short free time : in fact many young people are students and them time are limited .

I am a university student and I have limited free time .
My university is in a city and my home is in other city : this situation is more complicated because I travel a lot and the time for to helping my communities are limited to pick up old clothings and things for the poor people .
I have noted in young people a limited sensibility for poor people of community : it is limited to little helps and some carity .

Many young people do not look the problem of other persons and the society is developed on singular person : in fact when a person have a problem , he can only ask help to him family , because the family is the real community in the modern time .
If a young person do not have parents , he is in difficult .

Young people like think only for your little problem and when there are a big problem , they noted the importance of a compact communities .
The community is important for the social formation of young people , but many younger think that the union is only a problem no a advantage : in fact the family and a group of friends are the best solution for a friendly and sure ambient .

To sum up , many young people do not believe in community .
But young people can change the situation for create a friendly ambient for the next generation : in fact , the solidary is the best solution for a
in the first of 1950 one of the companeys were in the begening of or new company after one advertismint to the product it have been the begest company in the earya .
the prodect interest the poeple , they will know alot about it , the way that it advertised .
thats the things that lest the progect be better .

first , the ill know alot about it by advertisment .
thy will see what that product do .
fore example , the shap or how it look like .
people like to see more than to hear about the progeact .

second , how to interted the people to by it .
that will hapend if you put in the advertisment an famous pearson .
for example to put afamous player or a movie star .
that will leat the progect be better .

finally , how to advertised the products .
you can product it by the tv show after agame or fter the news .
that what will leat the prouct look better by advertisment it .

some other people thenk that the advertisment will leat the product be bad becuse they think that this advertisment will coste mony nothing moor .
lso they think that the people look only for the quality not for the product .
the people like wht they see not only the quality .

for that the people like to see advertisment before they bay the product .
in my opinion , i think that after you advertisment for your product you will see that your or the product will
I do not agree .
Because the car is very convenient .
Why will be fewer cars in twenty years ?
In Japan , exactly , only some people have the car today .
But What do you think about the car in the United States of Ammerica ?
I think if you are in America , you have to use it .
Like big country of America need cars .
I think that no one found the train and so on .
Because that need a lot of money .
Who pay it ?

I live in japan .
And I do not have my car now .
Because I am a student .
I do not go futher way .
I do not have much money .
I do not have a car licence .
And Japan is narrow country .
So , I must not have it .
But , I will have a car in my future .
I need it .
Because it is easier than train to transfer .
I use only train or bicycle everyday .
But they are not convenient .
Not speedy .
Not easy way .
It need much time .
Do you think so to ?
Car is the best .
I think it .
Car can go somewhere .
It does not have demelit .
If you want to say , something to demelit of using car , you arge it is costly or no space ...
and so on .
Car will develop in the future .
And I think it will be made us feeling more convenient .
And I suppose like a train will be disappear in the future .
This is probably .
I hope we
The issue at hand to understanding the ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts .
This issue is important because it is related to the student 's life .
I belive that the understanded ideas and concepts are the better option because it is useful in their furestudies , they look more confident in their subjects and they can do well in the exames .

First , understand ideas and concepts are more important fir students is more preferable because students further studies is important .
For example if the studen intrested to do the medicine if he doe n't undestand the concept and ideas of biology they ca n't studt medical school .
understan ideas and concept .
I think it is superior than learn facts .

addionally , it is more important for student understand ideas and concepts is a better because when they look in the class is more confident in that subject .
For instance , if I understand the concept of subject I can learn more subject and intrested to concentate more concepts .
Based on students to understand ideas and concepts are the better than the to learn facts .

Finally , i feel understand ideas and concepts is right one because we can write on the exams well .
such as when i take the chemistry test concepts are very useful in the test .
after finshing exxam I thougt if I do n't understand the concept I could n't write thw exam Ultimately my choice is correct
`` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' it 's really an intersting subject , and i agree with statement and i think it would be better and i have three reasons to support my opinon .

My first reasone for beliving that it 's would be better to have fewer cars is , that if we have fewer cars in the city , that will help to reduse the crowded in the city , in addtion every one will reach his work at early time , and olso we can stay a way from the late and absent at the unviersity .
on the other hand we will stay a way from accidents , that maybe happend becuase of crowded .

my second reason for beliving that it would be better to have fewer cars is , to protect the envirnment from the pollution which is happend because of the crowded i mean when we have a milliones of cars that will causes many dangerous poisione , so if we have a fewer cars that would protect us and hepl or children .
so i think that main point that we have to protect it and stay a way from it `` crowded '' .

my third resone and its the last one for beliving that i would be better to have fewer cars is , that maybe when we have fewer cars , that would help the other , imean if we have fewer cars , many people will use the other ways to go from place to anthore .
it will encourge the other tranportnation like the train and buses , so that will help the people to complete i mean to get the money that they need .

in conclusion , i want to say its really important to reduse the cars number in the area and i think i would better to have fewer cars in the world for these reasons .

Because it cause the crowded .
Because it maybe pollute the envirnment .
Because it maybe help the other people by giving the money as i mentioned in the third reason .
I disagree with this statement because when i travel alone , i will just care about my self .
But if i travel with a group , i will take care of all of them .
inadditon , traneling alone is saver , cheeper and more interesting than with a group .
first , it is saver because when people travel alone , they will focus in the road that they are driving on .
For example , once i traveled from city to an other city by a car and alone at night .
while i was driving my car , i saw a big camel on my way .
i thought that i would die but i passed this animal because i was focussing and also lucky .
second , it is cheeper because people who travel alone , they will need less food and less drink than others , For example , when i travel with my friends to somewhere , we stop to eat in restaurant but when i travel alone i just eat anything from any store
Knowlegde it 's a basic concept in our lives ; since we are judged by our lever of knowledge .
There are many opinions on what we should have as a north .
I think tha we should specialize in one specific subject .

I am a political science student .
Plato or Aristotle would say that a person must have a specfict field of specialization because no one could be an expert on two or more subjects .
At least , that was what a learn on my classic political thought theory class .

I think that if you have a broad knowledge of many academis subjetcs you are not going to be good , or excellent at any of those .
A person cannot be capable of being an expert on different topics or field .
If he or she wants to be good at something he or she must choose a specific field .

I support my opinion because a person might have specifics concerns so he/shecan conduct specific researches on specific topics .
A person might never have a lot of concerns on different topics because it will be too abstract on everything .
A concentration on different topics will get the researchers confunsed on what they should follow .

A professionalt must folow just a direction .
He or she must specialized in her or his field in order to be excellent on that field .
That is my phylosophy .
What is better , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or a specialize knowledge of one specific subject ?
It is perfect every people know a lot of things .
In the history we have had worked a lot of famous person with a broad knowledge of many academics subjects .
They have had knew some about mathematics , physics , astrologie , medicin .
One of this famous peson are Gallileo .
He know many parts of academic .
He is very important for the development of the world .

On this time , the development is so fast and so big in every parts of the knowledge .
No one could be know al this important part .
No one could be build a ship and could be fly as an Astronaut and after then he make a medizin operation .

Every part is so big , that no one could be know that all .
It is importend for the future , that we have many specialze in one specific subjekt .
In all this specialize parts we need for the development in the future , wommens and mens with a good specialize knowledge in his part .
Only then the development is also in the future as fast as then now .
I agree young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people are strong , smarter and they can do work fastly comparing to older people .
Young people enjoy life in different ways , they often go to movies , shopping etc .

Now-a-days young people are more brilliant , more smarter .
Young people when they go to parks or movie they feel enthusiasm .
For example , i am a young student i feel more enjoy when i spent with my friends .
I often spend most of time with my friends , we went to movies , parks etc .
Really i spend most of my time on new year day with my friends really it was enjoyable day for me and i often meet so many friends and i tell new year wishes with them .
Young people enjoy life more than older people but young people have to remember one thing you have to give respect , and you have to look them and you should be kind and respectful to them .

Finally , young people enjoy in different ways and they have curiosity to enjoy and accomplish things .
One disadvantage about young people is that they do some things wrongly beacause thay are teenagers .
Yes , I agree that the authors primafacy recommendation is militating .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know already how to do well .

Firstly , successful people try to do new things and they want to innovate some thing for others .
For instance i admire Dr.Adul kalam ajad .
He is one of the great , scintilllating and dynamic strongconsistancy person in India .
he is one of the successful person .
Actually he was a techer in a school .
But his anxiety and strong determination makes him now a President of India .
though he is a successful person but he dont want to do what he already known .
He was great scientist in India .
Secondly , the other example is Nelson mandela .
He is a great leader in South Africa .
he had imprisoned for twenty years .
even though his experience made him as his dream strong and deterministic .
at finally he can achieved the independence of his country .
so he is my one of the great leader .
at present he is working as a president position of U.N.O.even he is also a great succeessful person .
But he never thinks that only doing what they alredy know how to well .

Thirdly , Gandhiji is god for India country .
By his only his efforts made now india is on at present position .
His slogan is peace for all things all over the world .
He is also a great succeessful person thst ever known .

so according to my view succeessful makes people and thinks innovatively .
so try to think positive dont think negative .
go ahead and for u r dreams .
jai hind .
I disagree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , because for two resons the taste is not better than the really one , and there are bed for the body most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but the the taste is not good than the really one for example , when the supermaket to buy the food very colorfully but the taste alway is not good for the really one .
beacuse when the advertisemens makes the products they just wants to make colorfully thing , they do not care the this food taste is .

when the advertisemens makes the products they are used some chemical things to became food more colorful , and than the person who teached this food , he is more easily to get the sick , because this food used many of chemical to become this food more colorfully , and this chemical has poinson and it was harm for the body , However the people are bed for to eat the colorful food and this food taste bed for the really are , so i disgreee most advertisement make products is better than the really one
every one likes to travel some of people like to travel with a tour group and other like to travel alone .
every one has his opinon about that .
why he prefer to travel alone than travel as a tour group .
in this eassy i will give my obinon about to travle alone or as a tour group .

I think , travel as a tour group is beteer than travel alone because there are two resoun sopport my opinon which they travel with a tour group make you feel convertable and save .
second reason is the tour group company gives you a lot of information and there are alot of plans .
so if i had this aporonity i would travel with group becuse of these tow resines .

First , travel as a tour group is save and more convertable because i think the embleres who work in any tour comany they will not go to bad , unsave and harabol plases .
offcours they will go to plases which they are knwen , famuse , butefule and tuoreal plase for example park , mountins .
so it is better than trevel alone because you maybe go to plases that you donot have any idia about them .
in fact i tried to travel with a tour group .
It was amasing and very exsiting i loved becuse the sirvise of this trip wich was by bus verey good i didnot face any problom with any one i alwayse walk and hangout with them it was better than be alone .

second resone is the tour group company knows gives you a lot of information and there alot of plans .
the some examples of that , they inform you about many hotals that you would like to sleep on it and they let you knoe how much this trip is going to take and if u like to be in which plan so it is better than alon .
if travel alon you dont have a plan and which good hotel you have to be in.actuly i also traveld alone it was so boring i just talked with myself , ididnot know how can i go to downtone .
so it is a bad idea to travel alone

in concolsin , every one has his opinon maybe i am wrong may you are wrong no budy can jaje .
so i gave my opine whish is travel with group is better than alon becaus of tow main thing the first one is save and the second one is there are alot of plans and infomation .
so i hope my resons make sence .
it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
when we talk about understanding , it means to know and to keep in mind and as student is someone who want to become a respectfull person in a society where he or she will have to work , must get sure knowledge of the sector he works on .
i mean by this that a real knowledge can just be achieved by understanding ideas whatever in classroom or in another place .
taking the example of the traditional society in africa , people did not write or something like that to know their history ; what they did was to talk from mounth to ear and people who were listening did understand what was talking about and they maintained it in their mind .
but people are different , i mean that the degree of comprehension varies from one person to another one because what i said regards only my own person but
There can be different opinions of this statement .
There are young people nowadays do to give enough time to helping their communities because they have a freetime who they can utilize to helping the comminities , maybe they do it because they want help the nex generations to live in beautiful and wonderfull communities .
In many case the parents can their children to enter in a word that it is that to help the persons less well .

There are young people nowaday do not give enough time to helping their communities because they have not freetime or because they do n't want to help nobodyes .
They want to live nothing never problem and so they do n't help the next generations .
This phrase describes an important bad aspect that caracterized the cultures in these last years .
Today , the young people are interested only about your personal things and they do n't notice that the people surrounding them need to help , such as the old people or handicaps .

The young men and the young women spend all free time to enjoy themselves , play football or go to the disco with the friends .
They have n't the concept to help the others .

Sometimes they also destroy pubblic monuments and they do this because they have a lot of time .
In the past , there was n't this particular situation ; there were a lot of people that were able to help a particular person in difficulty .
In the past , the church and the school , gave an other culures

At the end I can say that I'am completely agree with the statement .
Is really everything you see in advertisments is better ?
its hard question to answer because ther are some products are really better than it shows in the advertisments and the others are do n't .

I disagree about the food 's product because they do n't care by the people at all , the important think for them is how to collect the money from people , but no body asks him selfe this quistion Is that really this food healthy ? .
no body from them asks How many one will suffring if they use this product .

Let me be more spacific and talk about kind of food which is the humberger .
We watch alot of advertisements about it , in TV , newspaper , magazine , and we hear them in the Radio station , but I never heard from those people explanation if the product is healthy or not .
Is the product helping peopl have a bad colestrol or not .
In fact the humberger increase the bad colestrol , and it couse alot of heart problems such as the hart attack .
Unfortuanatly , the government dos n't care .
they care only for colecting money from them , but the people it dos n't matter if they will go to the hill .

In the same time I agree there are a products show in advertisements helping the people .
For example the products helping the Handecab people , or any kind of product give a real advice to the people such as , the medicin product , of course we will ask our doctors abut it .
Also I disagree about the product became an a dengerous .
For example the advertisements call people to jump from over the mountain , or eat some insects like Fear Factor program , I know there is a warning in the program , but the people do like them exactly , and they got hurts .

So we need to be honest with our advertisement and with people .
I disagree little time that young people nowadays help their communities .
There are two reasons I think so .
One reason is that it is important to think what others do think .
Communities consists of many people .
If people participert their communities , people can talk with others .
So , people think of others .

If people do not pertisipert their communities , they do not think of others .
So , people think of theirself .
What people do not like happens , they quarrel .
But , people cannot live alone .

Two reason is to accept many people 's idea .
So , people can think many idea .
When people dissolve their problem , they might be able to solve them with other 's idea .
Therefore , I think young people shold help their communities .
It is difficult to become an expert in one specific subject without a good knowledge in other different subjects , but it is unproductive and unuseful towards society to have a general knowledge but not the possibility to get a specific role .

Attending the architectural university I have realised how many other disciplines this subject can refer to , history , geography , medicine , astronomy , maths , physic , chemistry ...
and many more .
So my profession will be one and well defined , but it will be the result of differents studies .

In conlusion I disagree with the statement proposed , but I disagree even with its opposite , I think the truth is to be found into the middle .
Yes I agree , Traveling with a guide can help a person find and discover places in an easy way .
First of all , a travel guide is a person who is working for helping tourest , so he is an expert .
For example , if a person went to a place or a country for the first time in my life , and he says that he will discover it all by him self , it will take him at least one to two months to discover all the intresting places in this country , but if a person is planing to have a tour guide .
It wont take him more than 15 days to discover the places .
Secand of all , its not easy to understand an information that person might have it from a place , because some stories has alot of diffrent virgen , so a new tourest wont find that easy because a person dont now what virgen should he beleive .
For that , a tourest need to have a tour guide , so that he would help understand the stories .
Finally , a tour guide is so important for a person who is traveling so that can injoy his trip .
Recently , the products of advertisements have developed , so most advertisers advertise products much better than actual .
Is it really good for customers ?
I disagree with the statement for these reasons .
First of all , when customers try to buy something , the advertisements are also one of the points that they chose which to buy .
If the advertisement is too much better than actual products , customers will disappoint .

Second , it takes much money to advertise .
In order to attract a lot of customers , producers make advertisement wonderful , so when this situation happen , the cost of advertisement becomes much more expensive .
If producers spend money to advertise more than to make products , they cannot made real good things .
In addition , products may become poor .
Also , it is bad not only customers but also producers to make poor products .
It means that customers do n't want to buy poor things although the advertisement is really nice , so products ca n't be bought .

In conclusion , It is important to attract customers by advertisement , but it is not good to spend too much money to advertise .
So , I think that the producer should make products better and spend money to improve products and invent new things rather than great advertisement .
Therefore , I do n't prefer to make products seem much better than they really are by advertisement .
IN NOWADAYS , PEOPLE BUY THE PRODUCTS BY ONLY LOOKING THE ADVERTISEMENTS .
FIRSTLY , IN THOSE DAYS PEOPLE MOSTLY BUY TEH PRODUCTS BY THE INTERNET .
INTERNET IS USEFUL FOR EVERYHTING , BUT YOU CAN ONLY SEE THE PICTURE OF PRODUCT ON THE INTERNET .
YOU CAN NOT TOUCH OR YOU CAN NOT LOOK ALL THE PURPOSE OF THE PRODUCT .

THUS , YOU JUST SEE THE ADVERTISEMENT SO YOU CAN BUY IT IF YOU LIKE THE ADVERTISEMENT .
ON THE OTHER HAND , I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE AN EXAMPLE .
IKEA IS VERY FAMOUS .
BECAUSE YOU CAN FIND EVERYTHING IN IT AND ALSO IT IS VERY CHEAP .
AND I LIKE THE ADVERTISEMENT OF IKEA .
BUT WHEN I BUY A TABLE FROM IKEA , I WAS SHOCKED .
BECAUSE IT IS SO BAD .
I COULD ONLY USE THAT TABLE ONE MONTH .

I THINK WHEN PEOPLE WANT TO BUY SOMETHING , THEY SHOULD N'T ONLY LOOK THE ADVERTISEMENT , THEY SHOUK INVESTIGATE THE PRODUCT TOO IF IT IS GOOD OR NOT .
All days we take car to go at work , take train to transfer from a city to another , buy various type of electronic machine , on all of this actions we can watch a million of danger situations !

On the train we can read uppon the window that is very danderous put out the head or put out bottles , during drive car we can watch many traffic signals that remember the maximum speed permitted , or finally when we buy a washing-machine we can read the book where are write all instruction to what do and what do not .

This are the advertisements that daily we can find in the life .
Just when we are child , parents show what is dangerous for us , `` do not touch this '' is the mainly phrase that it is said .
During the grow each child decide what is right for him and , sometime to follow the fashion , make bad decision for himself like smoching cigarettes and joints , or go around with not very good people .

Sometimes an advertisement could seem very eccessive , like how do not put a cat in the microwaves , but not all people are able to think what is right and what is not .

I think that it is impossible know whether a person is able to choose the true way to make somethingh , and so it is better if other write sample instructions for him \ her .

Finally I definitely disagree the statement because we cannot know when and what is really dangerous for us , and so I think that is better follow the instruction .
In my opinoin , I think that is more than great to travel by group is so important because there are many reson to support my idea I had visit forest five years ago .
there were good thing that I must emotion about it .
l One of them is to keep some one himselve safe from the dengerous place like jongle .
Many animals will attact him .
The second one is to have nice time with other tourest how are traveling with him .
Moreover is very important is to save money in smart way like to eat with group or take same transportation as big bus .
the last one is to know the behaviur of the people and know also about the knowlegde of every one .
It going to de good expereouns about the live .
When anyone spend alearg of mount to know about the live , it is abslutly will de feedback his bairn .
As long as the person go to tour with group , it will happen many things in his life .

In short , there are many not truth company in the world to turth them .
Even though this kind of work is not very commen , many people know about it .
Also I had visit Eagapt wich was very commen in the middle of the world .
I liked this place so much and I learned how can I do my things by myselves like cook or buil the tent .
or catch the bird from the sky to cook it and take it to my friend in same group that I went to fo
God give every one of skills that we can use nigtively or positvely .
These skills is the good to get many different things .
They are a lot of people got thier exprience from skills .
Some people like to do risk to get more exprience including thier exprience .
i Think sometimes it works but sometimes it doesnt .
I think it is good idea to take risk to try something a new .
i agree for doing that just to have more deveploment in this life .

Life is deveploming with technology or knowledge .
Taking risk is one of the important things that deveplope our life .
For example , fly to spice is one of the dengerous things that you may lose your life , but we descover something new that we never know it .
This helps out knowledge to expend and benifit form what it is going on the spice .
Risk is very important to take to help the humantity to deveplope thier life and technology like airplane or ships etc ...
Deveploment is one of the important things that makes our life very easy so most the deveploment came from the risk and expriements .
The most expriements come from the risk but we should it positvely not nigtively .

God give the human bieng skills that he should use it efficently so he wants to take risk he should use posit
I disagree with the following statement which is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The reasons are been shown next paragraghs .

The first of all , leaning facts can halp students understand easily about what do they know the ideas and concepts .
Because whatever how mach they understand ideas and concepts , but if they cannot ues thoes in the fact .
The konwleage which is what do they get will be uesless .
The most inportant is how to ues the ideas .

The second , leaning facts derectly effect stendents to be successful easily when thay graduate from their schools .
The raeson is more facts which they learned can help student to think a lot about the situations .
From the facts which they learned , they could get the great ideas about how to conturl or hand out the fact which they encounters .

Finally , learing facts can get more uesful ideas than the ideas which they understand and concepts from others .
Becaues the ideas which the students understand and concepts from others are still others .
I mean the ideas are not the students ' experiences just ideas .
But the facts which are all from the real situations are been uesd in the socirty .

In the conlusion , i think the students learning facts are more uesful than understand ideas and concepts from others .
I 'm agree with that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
because I think that older people have good memories as many as bad memories .
Maybe they had enjoyed life in young times too .
I think that the older they become , the more complex their life become .
It is dufficult for older people to enjoy life .
They do n't enjoy rehter feel happiness that they have now , and remember their good memories .

so young people have destiny to will have experience bad things more than now .
They should enjoy their young life .
Nobody can prodict the future but in mine opoioun yes ther will be fewer cars for several reasons gas is getting more and more expensive by the day .
Many people rather walk or ribe a bycyical to exsersize .
Cars are very bad for the enviroment its couses polotion in many ways .
Ther are many transportion ways beside cars wich is more chepperr .

gas prices are not sastained they go higher and higher so many people nowdays dont use there cars so that they can avoid paying for gas , so anless gas price is going to be chepper I think we will see fewer cars in the future .

People like the idea of exsersize by walking to work in the morning and gianing energy and healthy .
Cars provides alot of toxit waists wuch are very bad for the enviorment such as ( co ) gas witch is very dengaros because you neather can see it or smell it .

Ther many transportion besiide cars witch people can use as the bus or trian , it is alot chepper and you dont have to worry about inchorance trafic or the other acpences that cars must have .

Although cars are very usfull in a many ways but stell there disatvantges are more than there advantages ao i think people will get rad
the people like to travel everywhere but the life sometimes makes the people sick because some of do n't have mony to get fun and other people are having fun .
So travel 's coming from if yiu change place as you live will have good time .

everybody wants to travel is in a geoup .
the people who do n't have school , and jab , they can go any where and time , but who has school ca n't go any where , because that , i remanber , i went to canada and liked because it was frist time to me go out my country so when i was in Canada i traveled in it because that time , i needed it i had some problem .
So i went with my friends ; we were 6 people and we had fun .

I think , travel let you think about everything like if you have problem and how can fix it ; some people are taking travel each year , that makes them helthy .
mony people in my country go in sammer Arab countryies some of go out arab countryies .
One day i had conuevsation with someone , he alwalys take travel , and said this guy .
he traveled in united states ; he liked it because it 's a nice conutry .
the people can help together .
So The Unites States best in world .
Yes , I agree with this idea .
First , young people do not have enough total amount of time .
The environment around them has got more materialized than what it used to be , and young people live in the world of multi-media with flooded information .
So now young people can choose various lifestyle , but they became busier .

Second , everything has get too commercialized , especially in urban area .
They can live comfortablly without any help of neibors , using many services provided by enterprises .
So they do not care enough about their community .

Third , communication inside community takes place little , even on the family level .
It is very natural for them to tend to spend time for themselves , not for the others .
For these three reasons I strongly agree with the statment about nowad
In my opinion , it is really important to figure out the main ideas and concept for students but i think that it is easier to understand its by learning fatcs .

When we are listening to some examples , it can shock us more than the explanation of a theory .
Indeed , facts permit to have a concret representation in our mind of what the idea means .
For instance , in History class , students are more able to realize how crual is a war when they know how many people have been killed during an important fight or during the whole conflict .

Thus pupils will remember easier the entire course if they have taken attention to it because of a fact that was interesting for them .
Furthemore , being very attracted by a fact that you learned , you can do some researches by yourself to improve your knowledge of the principal ideas .
Nevertheless , i think that the main goal for a teacher is that his students have known the important points of a lesson when they go out of the class .
Indeed a person , who has well understood a theory or a subject , will manage to find some examples by herself .

To conclude , i think that you can not unders
I disagree with `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
It is just like advertisements tell a lie to consumers .
For example , when my father watched a CM of clearner product on TV , advertisements said that it could erase all of things such as , coffee or ink .
After he used it , it could not erase coffee one .
It was not ture that the cleaner could erase coffee .
He was really angry with it , and he said he would never buy priducts at the company .
As a consumer , you cannot know about products which you cannot use for a test before you buy it .
You just watch some CMs of a prodict or look a product in the store .
The other view is advertisements is to sell products a lot to consumers , so it might be natural thing for them to make products seem much better than they really are .
However , that is really big criminal at the point of telling a lie .
Becuse of that , consumers should need to compare with other products , and you should decide by yourself which one is good .
Also you have to use our mind and think about `` Is that CM really true ?
`` .
Finally , advertisements should make products seem they really are ; otherwise , consumers will nerver trast them .
Also it should be a big problem .
I agred by following statement that is young people enjoy life more than older people .
because the old people dont have that much intersted in enjoying the life as well as they dont have engry also .
In young people engry is more and they want to enjoy a life .

the old people have lot have tentions and they dont have a time to enjoy .
and they are busy with they works and they also have more responsabilities than young people .

young people want to enjoy the life .
these people dont have tensions so they enjoyd alot .
and no body will scolld them .
and the young people thought that this is the wright time for enjoing so they dont want to loose it .
the old people also enjoyed at the time when they are young so after they becaome old they dont have a interest to enjoy .
they have intersted in how to improve their devolepments .

the young people enjoy a lot .
for example on new year celabreations or on any birth day parties they have played with friends .
and the yong people have more number of friends rather than old ones .
so they enojy with friends .
and the young people have new thoughts for how to develop there career .

Young people do any thing but the old people are not .
for example the young people play cricket for long time and they also swime for long time etc. but some old people have that much strength .
In young people the stamina and engry or strength is more rather than old once .
i agree with the statement as successful people try new things and risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
according to my opinion every where successful people means hardworking peoples are try to find the new things .
because of they were knowen where the risks and prolems are generated .
thats the resone the successful people done every thing at where ever .

and also hardworking people try to know about new things such as to find new type of products and make it where ever any risks .
then publised into market .
now a days the information technology was growing day by day .
one company released one type of product and onther company released that type but with more features .
why because in those companies were type of empyoement .
in one company had the normal eployees and the other had the successful or hardworking empyoee .
this is the majore example of the successful people and othes .

hardworking people knowen where the conflicts are rised or generated .
examples of successful peoples in the world are rathan tata , mittal and somany are there .
they are all successful in thier life and also they are thaught that to produce new type of products in to world market .
the hardworkig was come from their families and from teachers they learned in to their instututes .

successful means when ever a man or women got happy or got victory from their job .
there are somany scientists are successful in their experiments , then they whould successful on that experiment .

successful people always thinging about the new topics from the socity .
successful people got the full relax and happy from their work .
and the people do ndt happy those are normal people .
In my point of view , young people enjoy more life than old because they have less experience in the life .
I agree that young people have more fun because they have no or less problems than this older .
Besides they have less responsabilities .
For example someome who has a child have a lot of responsibilities , he does not give a bad image of him to his child .
Sometimes , they have maybe sometimes problem of money in to pay tax or something like that and this braek the envoy life .
Moreover , i think old people have alerady live a good time when they were young .
For them , i think it ' more difficult to find another way in order to have fun because they have already do this .

Young people have more fun because they need it and in the most part of time they are lonely , they can make what they want to do without to be judge by anyone .
For example in the street you can ware what you like and got the color of hair like you want .

Howerver , older people have more time in order to envoy life , in the most of cases they have finish to work and have enough money to do theirs hobbies .
In the other side , i think when we have a passion in your life you can enjoy your life like no other as if you are more older .
For example , a older who like sport can enjoy his life because they do what he likes .

As a result , i think enjoy your life no depend of your age but only of the situation and the problem or responsabilitie and then i think it is so a question of passion .
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities cause these days the life situation its too difficult for live , cause they want to pay for them to have an own salary the dont want to go for example ; to the hospital and ask the patient how did they feeling about the helping them in the painfull or how the nursing treatment them & how the attitute from the doctors or nursing or about the cleaning for the hospital , if we try to push the young people to help their communities they must give them a good payment or recomandiation to opening for them later a door for agood expereince & give them a good community with apoor people & how to feel about poored people , Then we can find alot of young people come to the communities and ask them to help cause they put a benifites for these young people for example like :
1 - They give them a monthly payment .
2 - They give them a recomandiation lettere to help them for any work they will apply for it .
3 - They give them an experiouns .
4 - They will always try to push them to do a good things .
So that the young people they will have a time to help a communities and they will be happy for do that cause they feel they indeppendent on them self .

Finally I hope the young people they can find a good communities opened a door for them and give them what they need to take from them and Iam sure they will do they best and the better even in hospital or schools , company and on stage .
nowadays people have to struggle to become someone , there is competition since the first years of school .
if you want to become an important person you have always to take risks : if you have a good idea , that you think will be a succesful one , you have to develop it and to accept the probability to loose everithing .

the greatest sportsmen ca n't do only what they already know but have to constantly improve their skills : for example a motogp rider during the weekend before the grand prix tries to develop his bike testing different solutions but he hasto choose only one .
This is a risk : if he has taken the best decision he could win , othrwise he will loose .

Also at school if you have no time to study everithing for an exam you have to risk choosing the principal information that will be problably asked .
Everithing depends on the questions : the exam will be a success or a failure , but it 's far better try the exam .
No risk no fun

I agree the statement `` Successful people try new things and take risk '' .
In my mind it is so , to .
When you thing you like do new stuff you need a liddelbit the kick .
That is the big point what I need .
For exsample I like to go to a big city like New York .
I was never in this town I dont no from the city .
But I like go to the city .
Thats fun I stay every time for proplems .
I need eat a hood offer my head .
The ather side I can go dow .
I dont gat waht I need .
I m die that the side ot risk now I have a nice life .
May be a sport exsample what I can say about boxing .
You have two side the winner and loser .
Eath of one bring the risk with same he can lose .
He risk that he is the loser .
Next exsample the wall street you put money in funds , well you this make a good job .
Dont for get the risk look like lose money .
Thanks for
I think it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
In the shcool , teachers always instruct about the truth that students must know at least to become the adult and to go to the society .
However , some subjects which taken in the school is in vain .
And they also limited the children 's identication .

First , understanding ideas and concepts gives students to creativity that they can even think and imagine well for their world .
If sutdents did not understand ideas and concepts of any subjects they will fail that class because they got confused what thecher said .
Also giving the facts must be really boring that they would never try to think about the future .

Second , when students become the adult and working in anywhere , they will work well with their frexible brain which makes the final good dicision what they must do .
In fact , i totalt 100 % agree with that statement .
while you are traviling with your friends , ithink that you must chose a leadar for that trip for many sevril resons : -
1 - the trip will be orginized .
2 - there will be much more fun .
3 - there will be no fighting to where to go to .
these are some of so many resons .

however , i think that the leader should be fun and seriose at the same time , becuse that helps to see many places in the new town or city that the group is visiting .

Last but not least , i sujest to all the people whome want to visit a new country or a new trip , that they should chose a leader to help the trip to went very well , and that is my opinion .
I 'm disagree with this statement .
There are very differences in young and older people enjoy .
The energy in young people can influence in their enjoy For example the young could to dance every night , but it is n't to older people , so they are not enjoy in a party every night .
The health is other factor to people enjoy .
If I 'm sick and I wanna to drink beer with some friends , I could not .
The mode of enjoy life is determinated how it see the life .
If I like the parties but I 'm older for it , is obvius that i 'm not enjoy life .
But if I like swim in the ecean and I can do it , then I could enjoy life in every moment .

The young have their own enjoy , so the older have their own enjoy .
I could n't to say this enjoy life more than this other , because their likes are very differents .

I think the people that do the things as like them , they enjoy life , it would be young or older , anybody would be very happy .

Finally , the energy , the health , the likes or dislikes influence in our enjoy .
The young people or the older people can enjoy life alround their likes .
Anybody could enjoy life .

When I do the wanted , then I enjoy life .
Whatever , wherever and whenever I can enjoy life , but It have to like me , I have to can do it , young or older I enjoy life , it is not determinate for the age or for the times .
It could be always when you want to do it !
I did not agree the following statement .
I think that the quantity of use car does not change .
In twenty years later , the earth 's environment will be worth .
But people will became use so many eco car .
The eco car is good for environment and us .
Cars that we use now emit so bad fuel such as flon , carbon dioxide .
We must change these bad car to good car for environment .
The good car is developing a little by little now .
They are moved by solar energy .
So they do not emit bad fuels .
A few people use the eco car now to stop the global warmming .
The global warmming result from the emittion flon gus of car and dicreasing of wood .
Both things were occored by people activity .
So it shold be stop by us .
That we should change the car to good car for environment .
I agree of this statement .

According to my experience , usually successful people like advanture , to try to something new .
Also they have a personality which is different than others .
That 's why they can sucess in their life .
They always try to new experience even though they will take some risks .
It seems their life .
Without no dubt , I totally agree that most advertiments make products seem much better than they really are .
There are big two reasons .
First , advertiments affect us by the most attractive way .
Second , advertiments provide us amont of informations .
As a result , I think that most advertisements make products seem much better .

First , advertiments attract people .
Most of people wathc TVs and see some advertiments between TV 's shows .
People see the advertiments naturaly .
Think about it !! .
When you see new ipod 's advertiments , you had thought that that 's cool .
Most of peope think same way .
In contrst , they just changed coloer and some shapes .
They did n't change these dramtically .
However , some people think that I want to get it , like me .
Advertiments make us strong atrract .
Moerover , how do you choose movie when you would go to movie theater ?
Of coures , most of people see the advertiment and go to movie , even they never watch the movie .
In my experenece , I went to movie theater to watch a movie because the advertiment was look great movie .
However , the movie was n't good movie at all .
Therefore , advertisemtns make us much attract .

Second , it is best way for us to get new informations .
Even though , I see new advertisement , I always think that it looks great .
Everyday , we can see some advertiments in most of ares .
Young people mostly experience things first .
While doing new things that youngs did n't do before can enjoy them .
Older peoples experienced most of the joy of the life , and to do that things again entartain less than youngs .

Young people have more energy to do enjoyable things .
Youngs are always in the way of doing new , more enjoyable things .
So while capability of doing things gave youngs joy .
Olders have less energy so they only use their energy to do the things that inevitable for thie life .
They rest in most of their time , eat meals , sleep and do other requirements of life .
They mostly cannot do what they want or what they do when they were young .
The disability of doing the things that desired make olders unhappy .

On the other hand olders think the death more than youngs .
To think die in short time do the olders being pessimist about life .
They think what they did in their lives most of time .
The wrongs and right things .
But the wrongs effect most .
If he thinks of his life with full of errors he ca n't enjoy from the remaining life .

But olders can enjoy when they bring their childrens , and see grandsons and granddaughters running around them respect them .
Most of the olders desire this scene .
If they can live this scene they can enjoy more than youngs .
Recant advertisements world 's consists of marketing policies .
Marketing polisies ' requarements are based on '' sell everyting to your clients if they need or do not '' .
Therefore saler have to increase their sale amounts .

So how can saler do that ?
As a way they must promote their product even they are not good .
Sometimes they can say lie , sometimes they can make the people hopeful if they buy companies goods .

And people even they are really not sure about the goods they want to buy them for something mistic or phsicolojical thing , Off course sienctists try to explain what lys behind this behaviour .
Unfourtunatly , human nature focused on consumer behaviour and big componies take advanteges from that .
Today people , especially young people , enjoy more then older people .
I think it is a very true statement !
For example in my family i often go out at the saturday night , i usually go to the movies , to pubs or to the restaurant !
Instead my parents never go to the restaurant or to the movies !

I think it happens for several possible reasons .
One possible reason is that the life today is earier than before .
Today we often have a lot of money .
My mother usually tell me that when she was young she has only two or three dress .
I think it is incredible !
I have a huge amount of dress !

A second possible reason is that in a city now there is an incredible amount of cinemas , pubs , restaurants .
There are several opportunities to enjoying .
Furthermore each family has a car .
A car allow to move people easier than before .
Thus actual young people can enjoy themself more than previous young people .
In fact the actual economy is better .
There are more money , so there are several possibilities to enjoing .
I disagree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
Because the truth of the thing is always right way for everything .
The advertisements make producets seem much better that ca n't to stand forever .

First reason I think the products did n't need to seem much better thatn they really are that because when I go to the shop center to buy something , I usually need that and we will buy it .
If we bring it go home and found it is n't well as we saw at the shop center .
I will fell sad .
And I will remember its name then I will never to buy the thing of the name again .
Actually the advertisement make products seem much better than they really are , that means they wants to sale a lot of products .
If every customs will never buy it at the second time .
I think that is the obside what they want .
That may make the children to learned the bad habits .

Second reason I think we need keep the truth of the products is because we need keep the truth for everything .
When a little child came with his mum and saw the process of thing as same as the fovered .
He may be learned from it and do something as same as that .
He wo n't do the truth of the thing .
That the trouble with the future .

Finally , I think if we can work hard for everything .
And try to do the best .
Then we will not need some advertisements make products seem much better , and the products will be the best .
To show the truth of the things may be not well at that time , but it is a good way to change to the best .
Yes , I agree with the following statement .
It is more important for student to understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts .
Well , I am a student , I study architecture and for me is very important to understand that I study .
Infact if I do not understand I do not know how many important things .
When my professor talk about a famous architecture I like to listen him and I like dream about this things .
If a student do not understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts ...
well , he or she do not learn anything .
I think that if you can learn more things about you study or not , your mind can learn much more .
Well !
I think also that if a student do not have a good theacher he or she do not like understand that he or she study .
However , there is must a good collaboration about a professor and a student .
I do not talk about complicity , but I talk about a good abient where theacher and students could be to learn .

If a student do not understand that he or she study I think that he or she do not have more things about tell .
In conclution , I think that If a student have a good teacher , he or she can understand everything he or she want .
Infact , I understand more that I study because I love that I study .
I love architecture and i like see , touch , and talk about it .
I would say that young people give or may not give enough time to help their communities .
it depend upon individual mentality .
If one wishes he can help but it depends on many factors like time , interest , responsibality and many more .
if one wants to help he wil help without considering these factors cos he may love helping them .
if one does not wants to help even if he has all those factors he wil not help .

For example if ones sees his parent suffering from some pain he may not help .
there may be many reasons for this also like not freindly atmosphere with his parent etc .

Helping one needs courage because without it one is nothing in his life .
so one needs this factor also .
one might not help because he might hav been had busy shedule like work and many more .

If one is busy even if he wishes he will not be abel to help one .
helping communuties not requires young people but all the ages .
nowadays some youngsters are become so busy spending their time in pubs , caffe days , eatouts they waste their tome spending in these places so where will they get the time for communuties .

But some are not indluged in such activities so that they get enough time to spend .
so such people are very effectioned towards such communuties .
But one is more interested to get wealth so they far away places in such situations they might have enough time ot give their communuties .
even they may indulge in some friendship which avoids them to stay far away and not give enough time .

Hence i conclude saying that it depend upon individual mentallity to give enough time ot give their communuties .
Maybe , but I am not sure .
It 's true that tecnologhy are growing very rapidly , but 20 years ago we said that today we could have cars with no pullution and that we cuold fly with them .
I belive in our studies , and I am sure that something are changing .

Now we are looking at Hydrogen like only solution for a pollution dicrease , but maybe tomorrow we can find something different .
I think that the only way to have less cars in use is the introduction of a new tax to enter in the city and a good service of bus and train in the city .
Italin people are not able to reach the work place without their car and , I think a lot of people all over the world want their indipendent and to be free to go wherever they want .
Today we are about 5.000.000.000 people but in twenty years how many are we ?

How many car will be ?
If we grow up we need more transport and more car .
Now all the car are moved by gasoline , but is its price good and is its disponibility enought ?
Maybe only solution to cut the car number is the end of the gasoline or a price so high that nobody can buy it .

Some studies say that the gasoline price reach in italy on 2007 like a 1 , 80 euro for L , and if we think about mind salary it is easy to see how is difficult drive our car .
However I think that will be very strange if in twenty years will be fewer cars in use but if we learn to go in 2 or more people with one car maybe could happen .
I do not agree the opinion of the statement .
I think there is an advantage to a person who has one specific subject rather than a person who has broad knowledge .

If a person has broad knowledge , of courese it is better htan limited knowlege .
But a parson who only has broad knowledge seems missing directon of life .
This is my feeling from my ecperience .
Whithout aims of utilizing his knowledge , even if the lnowledge is wide , knowlegde does not make sense in his life .
On the other hand , a person who specializes one specifif subject seems that his vision of sutudy is much more cleare .
Even if the study is just a fun , consentration on a one topic interested in will have much more oportunity to make brake through of new vision .

Some people may say , specializing somethins is not flexible , but I think for anybody experiences of efforts made in the process and feeling of achievement to be specialized are very valuable , universal and applilable to other fields .

My point is that , specality in academic is like a backborn of study attitude .
And to improvement of pepoles life , speciality is more important .
I srongly agree the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are becuse , advertisement is showing up their product to evrybody and products has lot of compition so they try to tell thier product has more worthful and more better than the other produts .

in the same way , same product has lot of compition in the society so they tells about teir product throught advertisement but they did n't think about the quality of product .
Forexample last month I watch the adverticement about Dove Shampoo .
So i thought is was good shampoo .
i bougt it 15 days ago .
I used last thursday .
i felt like it was not good in qualitywise .
After that I realised advertisement shows more eligant but quality wise not good .

like wise , this product hsa more worthful than other product .
As an example , last week I saw the Advil Tablet advertisement .
Then i disided to buy advil when i got headache .
so yesterday i bought Advil for headace .
I used Advil tablet than Thylinol nevertheless , It takes same time for decresing my headahc But , it shows in advertisement it reduse the headache faster than others
A question has been raised about whether or not the young people nowadays devote their time to helping their communities .
In respons to this question , I think that there are two kind of young people nowadays : one kind is more polite , other kind is less polite .

Usually , the young peole are more polite because they have their parents more quite and more lovely .
Maybe when this young people have a problem they can ask a help from your parents without having fear to them .
So , for this kind of young people is normal to be helped and when they see other person that suffering they would help him or her .

Instead , the young people are less polite because their parents are more angry or maybe their parents pass few time with them .
So , usually when they have some problems they resolve it alone without asking a help and if they see a man who have a problem they think that he or she can resolve alone .

So , I think that it 's important that the parents pass the most of their time with their children .
My parents work every day , and they come back in my home very later .
I never asked them to help me because they are n't .
So I have difficult to ask or to give a help and I prefer stay alone rather than stay with my community .
I think it is true this question because the students is more attention of the facts and for he is more interesting to learn the concepts and the ideas .
I think he is more interesting seeing the television because in the times means the concepts and ideas is very good for the preparation of the students .
For example you do n't see the reality rather we see the documentary , because the first is n't shapes the mind while the second in the times shapes the student or all to think and at the reason of the world .

Another example is in the university the students during the lesson learn this and in the end or during the lesson he asks questions and problems in those specifically .
He shows interesting for understand the concepts and the ideas , and the professor is more content to talk about your lesson .

I think he is for more reason that the students and the young he is appassioned at the facts in the world and to learn the what will be the future for we .
I agree with the following statement , I have several reason for my opinion such as if they are good their job they can seem much better ...
Some advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but some advertisement are not .
I think if you are a wanderful , you can seem good .
If advertisements have a good job and they do really good why they can not seem better than .

I could not understand product I mean what does the meaning of product ?
I do not know that meaning so I am realy unhappy I do not know what will I do ?
I am sure that you are saying `` this girl is realy sutupid '' .
You are right .
I am sutupid how I can not know this vacoublary 's meaning ...
My life is finish just for one vocoblary that is products .
but also I am happy .
I am happy because I am not liar to myself ...
Anyway I am so sory for this wiriting : ( this is life and everything can be ...
Nowadays , we take it for granted that cars and conductors plays an important rule in this 21 century .
First of all as regards the question of cars in use in the past , we should remember that there were just somes marks of cars , the famouse one the wolswagen was a famous one in the twenty years .
Also the conductors wasn t very much because of many reasons such us their conviction or their feel about the car .
And there were more conductor men as women .
Some feel afraid , other dosn t have enought money tu buy a car or just find the price of car expensive , and prefere to buy another thing more essential for their needs like foods , house , clothes or just other financial project of studying or employment ...

However today , all family have a minimum of one car in their parking of house .
So not only adult buy car , but also teenager buy it or just passed the permis test of code of road and conduct their parent car s. that what it is happening now .

Nowadays , there is many different cars and price , so all persone can buy a car with the new opportunities to have account and to take credict from a bank .
Despite this , many society of cars houses give some easy oppportunity to person .

today , all people need a car to be punctual to job or school , to visit family in other city and to take some holidays in anoyher city or country ,, .
There is another striking argument is that now , the rooad in country are better than yesterday , government had take some decision to do a great services to people , also , there is more security in the road , and polician are wherever you go ,,, It s all comes dow to saying that the condition of our life are better than before , and that s the great reason to hae no only more population but also more cars and conductors especially .
the issue of the pest way to travel by a tour guide is a controversial one .
On one hand , some people believe that the best way to travel is in agroup led by a tour guide .
On the other hand , some people believe that the best way to travel is with out a group led by a tour guide .
However , in the final analyses , i believe the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because they know the good places and meet new people .

One reason of the best way to travel by a tour guide is that he know the good placese such as museiem .
In addition , they might lead me to the butefull by them experience .
For example , i went to London one time and i choosed to travel in agroup by a tour guide .
Moreover , they might prevent me from dangras such as crimnal area .

Onther reason of the best way to travel by a tour guide is that i can meet a new people and tolk with them .
Of coures , some people believe that the best way to travel is without a tour guide .
That has advantgas .
One advantge , people might be mor free without a tour guide .
However , the best way to go every place and enjoy your trip is in a group led by a tour guide .

Thus , i think that the good way to travel is in agroup led by a tour guide because they now better places and i might meet new people .
From my point of view , it is not advisable to think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
my arguments for this point are listed as following .

The main reason for propensity for facts is more important is that ideas and concepts are just a part of one thing , but the facts are the whole parts of one thing .
for example , i am major in Japanese Language , the language itself is just a kind of ideas and concepts , so i need to learn its facts and inside , Japanese culture .
from i learn a lot of knowlege about the culture , then i can learn lauguage more quickly and unstandable , and i am interested in it a lot .

There is another reason that deserves some words here .
ideas and concepts are not related to the reality , but the facts is related to the reality of one thing , it help us get more experices from everyday .
to illustrate it , let us consider that when people graduate for school , they need to learn a lot of thing not only from the ideas and concepts , but also the students need to know the facts of job and sociaty .
they also use their ideas to do someting good , someting helpful , something important for this sociaty , so they must know the facts .
otherwise , they will do nothing useful .

Third , if you want to the fact of one thing , you must experience a lot of things , that means you need to do experiment to get it for you .
so the facts are very important for everyone .
if you do not the facts of one thing , that means you can not get one experience or a aspect of knowledge .
for example , i want to get my drive license , that means i need to know the knowlege about drive .
on the other hand , i need to learn how to drive on the road , and keep everyone in the car safety .
so ideas and concepts is not enough for me , i need to know the facts .

Taking into account of all these factors , we may reach the conclusion that to learn facts is more important than to learn the ideas and concepts .
I agee wiht the statment that say the importance of idea and concept for student is mor than to learn the fact , becuse the ideas and concepts is the approach or the road to reach the fact .

The ideas and the concept where reflect from mental and behaviors of nation , person , or from spesific action .
these ideas and concept combine or conect to generate the fact .
While it is very deficult to generat new innovation ideas and concepts from the fact , becuse the fact was happened ad it became from the bast .

When I was student I see a good proficional man. he was architict .
I love this job .
Then I see the architicture as a hope or `` fact '' for my in future I try to reach it .
all this effor to become architict .
After that I was study very well and now in become profficinal architits .
this fact were acheved .
Along this achevment to reach to this fact I was developed Several idea and concept to reach to the fact .

Therefore the idieas and concept is more important than fact .
I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
In academy we can learn many subject .
We cannot have the chance to learn many academic subject without in academy .
If you think you are nothing to do with an academic subject , it may be something to do with you .
If you have not a knowledge of an academic subject when you need it , you have to be legret .
The other advantige of have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is that you can think many subject , more deeply , and more originaly .
That is you can be superior to others .
If you work on designer , for instance , you have to design many things .
If you have knowledge of cyicology , you can design many things effectivity to anyone feel good .
But you have no knowledge of cyicology , you can not design effectivity .
In future , you can use many knowkedge of academic subjects which you do n't think need .
However you have to learn major subject .
Major subject and the other subjects make you very billiant .
Yes , I agree with this idea .

Now a days , too many cars are running in the raod , in the city , every where .
I have read in the newspaper with the research , 70percent of the families has thiere own car , and many of them in a family has the average car of two .

The problem here is , the cars are polluting the air , and too many cars are leading us to traffics .
Many people are stressed with this problem also .
So the people here in korea recently started riding bus or subways going to work and home .
But still , many cars .

Not only the cars are polluting , but the soaps and trashes ..
etc .

When i walk around , I even can smell the bad gas on the air , and the part , it is getting worse .
So many scientist and people are searching and trying to reduce the pollutions .
And the fasted way to lessen is by riding bus or subways .

We surely have to do something about this , if we love our country .
Let 's say for example , like advertising alot , teaching our kinds , and leaving the car often at house parking lot , riding with neigh If we want to live in a beautiful country , ofcourse we have to take good care of our home place also .
So no matter what the reason is , we have to start as soon as possible .
By twenty years from now , I agree that there will be fewer cars .
Changing few habby 's will save our world .
i agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academ'c subject .
as they are able to learn to subject , it is very important for the students .
many academics subjects are scientifics , mats and natural science .
I ca n't agree with the statement .
In my opinion .
In the future , there will be more cars in the world even though there are some tasks to solve .

At first , we need to concerntrait on the natural resources .
The human beings are used it without a long term vision , so they will be almost used up in next 20 years .
But , there are lots of studies which try to find another energy sources .
For examole , gain oil from natural grains , using sun energy , and using the wind .
The most interesting thing is Hydrogen .
It 's source is water which is really fruent in earth .

( Actually , the Hydrogen cell is only meterial problem now . )
So , human being will find another energy resources in twenty years , I sure .

Second , China , africa , and India will have lots of cars in 20 years .
As you know they did n't boot their real economic engins .
As many economic specialist says , they will have rapid grow .
So , they will have a lot of new cars .

At last , like a hybrid technaligy there are many methodes which can enhance the efficiency of cars .

The more cars means the more happiness in the world ?
The more advance in technaligies means the more happiness ?
I ca n't answer the questions .
A important thing is we have to a master of technaligies , in my think .

thank you for reading ..
According to the specker `` young people areenjoy life more then older people do '' .
I agree the statement .
Becouse of that in the young age we can do any thing with enthuosioum and happly , at the age of peoples are working hard and dedication on the work impliment .

Each and everybody also come from young but the young people are haveing lot of goals , and those are impliment on through physically and mentally also .
Young peoples are very fast comparing then olders .
Young peoples are doing work hard and what those are working on perticular things they will concentrate on one perticular topic .
Those are knowing only how to reach the goals .

like age of group peoples18 to 35 years old peoples can doing lot of enjoying , and those are working time also enjoing each others .
In the perticular movements those will helping to each others .
For example the young peoples like teenegeras getting any job or those are acherve the goals time those can share happy movements with other peoples like friends or relatives and parents .
Atthat time those can went parties and any other special invitation parties like pubs those can totally enjoying with other and as well as possible opposite peoples like women and men .
These time only peoples are enjoying life , after old they can not do any thing .

Becouse of that , the teenage time means that 15 years to 35 years old peoples are having extra energy build in the human body 's .
Its a scientifically those are improving a extra activities .
In the age of above 45 years of the peoples are doing works normally .
They can not particullarly compare with the young peoples .
At the age of time body nature are not supporting to those activities .
Those musules are not supporting to the works .
They are working differnt fields and do more works in the young life .
At the oldage they can not do any thing .

In the young age those peoples are doing very well at any of the perticular fields .
Those can have do work help of the bady nature .
So its depends on the defferent body nature .
If Diderot would be alive he agree that , nowadays , it is better to specialize than to expand on many academic subjects .
There are many areas and each of them have many branchs .
The knowledge are growing at exponential rate and nobody have time or conditions to learn it .

Mathematics have more than 200 different branchs and all of them are expanding faster .
For example , Computer Science did not exist 100 years ago .
Now , Computer Science is the basis of informational revolution .
One of subproducts of informational revolution is the Internet .
The Internet is alone a new subject of research , and so forth .

So , the enciclopedic knowledge is not possible and
I agree with this statement that it is better to have knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Of course there are many reasont to agree with this statement , for example , studying many subjects will help us in our future life that we got alot of knowledge and experience of studying these subjects , also it will help u to study any major u want in universities because u had already studied most of the subjects , and for the far future for getting a job it will help alot that u studies these all subjects .
I think also it help in ur family life that you can help your kids in studying at schools by teaching them and explaining many thing that you had already know about it .

In conclousin , studying many subjects help alot in yuor future life , so i advice any person to go thru many subjects and read alot it helps in many ways .
I agree with this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
They are usually busy with thier own problems and eshos or with their studying so they do not have much time and there are others who are not interested in helping their communities becouse they think that it is not their job , it is the others job .

But not all young people thinks or act this way , there are afew young people who helps their community in several ways .
In my openion I think that perants should incurge their children to do such things .
There is a wide difference between an idea and a fact .
Facts are not subjected to lies , and inform about real events .
If one douts about afact , he will be considered as a stranger .
Facts are un changeable and studying them is unconsiderable .
this is because one who study facts is like the one who study his name .
Do not you considere this as strange ?

Ideas are changeable subjects nourished by human beings .
They may be true or may be false .
All ideas are not 100 % true .
Studying ideas enhances the exchanges of information between people .
It also encourages people to certify thrir ideas and to get good strict about their thoughts and feelings .

But thid does not mean that we must leave the facts away , and accept the ideas from any one .
This is because facts help us to learn how to get good ideas .
The geoghraphic facts of the world are examples .
I can not accept a stranger who thinks that the earth in flat , because it is a fact .
Ideas are not usually reliable also .
Ideas have to be not affected by one `` s attitude including love and hate .
this is one of the defects of ideas .
They express the feeling of person .

No one of the people is ideal .
This makes ideas full of mistakes .
But even of being so , person can be learned how to give true ideas .
this requires alot of experience .

One of the best idealists i heard about is Socrate .
His ideas are very near to facts that can be considered as lessons for any one who like to learn how to think .

Last advantage of studying ideas is the freedom .
A human is considered free to give an opinion whatever it is .
But it is not allowed to change facts
I support this maintain .
for several reason first of the reason , we live in world that is changing world is changing now and it was changing our world always has generation gap for this reason , it is different that student and other peoples ' idea and concept second of the reason , there are many people in this world so it is not similar , all people , live in this world it is different that student and other people most important , student want to other people 's love and understand to them idea and concepts
third of the reason ,
some tims i agree and some tims i disagree i disagree whet thos facts would help me to recognais some informaishons .
to lerne any pice of informashon u have to have som facts and logic so you can bleve in it becous if uyou dont bleve in somthig ther is noway u will ever recognis it or to use it but ther is tipe of puopel having afact is the most important thing fore them to understand any tipe of infor or daita hawever i think they are wrong .

I agree becos understanding is the most paworfull thing u can have in acadimec ways but if i can and i think that i can to make a very simple companishon between thos tow things in a vere god example ones i was i the beyology lap and the tetsher was taking about some cainds of animals and he hade a very good and intresting facts some of my frinds got the ideya but me ...
never so i told the tetcher tell me more so he sad i thik u are the tipe that shoud understand by vigwall lactour so he grab the laptop an he showd me wat was he saying by viduo taping and i got it i rele did so wat i am tring to say that in my apinun understanding and knowing a facts and to have a good concepts is vere vere inportant to be to gither i have o work hard on that i know its cainda hard but life is tuff all in all i think i cant havet all but i will do my best .

by the wah i had a vere good experyans in thes discoshen i hope that i did my best in descraybing the subject
I think , we are a human society and the human knowlegde is limited .
But there are a lot of exceptions .
For me , knowledge in a yield is essential because it is the only possibility to prove we exist in our individualist society .
In short Men are complementary and they have to specialize in a yiel .

If we compare a situation with an economic situation , we can notice it is the base of the capitalism principle .
We can find an illustration with the theory of Comparative advantage of David Ricardo .
It is a theroy which explain that a man has to specialise in a yied where he is the best in view to impove his capabilities .

However , it is not the same for alll the yields .
During Antiquity period , philosopher was doctors , mathematician , scientific in the same time .
It was a point of view different of nowadays .

If I explain my situation , I prefer control one think in a ONE yield better than know much imformations , on several yield but no control one think .
We are more six billion of people in all over the world , it is impossible to know all .

Nevertheless , broad knowledge in many academic subjects for example poilitics , histories , economics , science is an avantage because in the gathering with our colleague , friend , boss we can hold a discussion and say our opinion .
The person who said anything is not respect generally. `` who say anything , consent '' Finally I think we have to control capabilities and improve our knowledge all the days .
The education is a process even when we will a responsable parent .
To conclude , with the evolution of society and the metality , we have to strengthen our knowledge to have to compete with the other .
Competitivness is essential !
I think that , in general , we learn academic knowledges to get a good job in the future , possibly the one we prefer .
For this reason I think it 's much more better to specialize in just one specific subject beacuse in our modern life the medium knowledge is very high and there is a lot of competition so i think that having a very goog knowledge of a subject is the best way to get a good and satisfing job .
Infact almost every school system of every country is projected to give the student a knowledge starting from a basic and general teaching arriving to a high specialization ( like masters ) .

Anyway sometimes in our life it 's not bad to have a basic knowledge of many academic subjects like maths and geography , when we have to travel or shopping for example .

Another thing that requires a broad knowledge it 's a phenomenon called job 's difersification , that 's whay very often our job requires a well understanding of many different subjects .
In the end I think it 's better to know very well a subject but also to have a basic knowledge of other subjects .
I agree with this statement because sometimes when we watch tv we see news which is about people helping their comunities such as cleaning roads or advertising , but most of those people who helps comunity we see is old people .
Why young people do not give enough time to helping their communities are because young people think its the old people 's job or they do not care about their comunities .
Even though They do not help their comunities , some of them complain to their comunities .
I think its just wrong because if they have something to complain to their comunities they should go and complain it and work the problem out with the other comunitiy workers .
Thats the best way to get worked out the problem .
However there are heaps of young people who do not care about their comunities .
They do n't even know who is the leader of their comunitiy or what their comunity working for people , if they know that who cleans roads or park , they would not make a mess on the road .
As we can see , usually the messes on the road were made by young people that means they do n't clean their road and let the other people to clean them .
In this would , a lot of things we can be successful people and try anything we want .
I think people who successful by popular for example those are artists and musicians , governer and comedian needs to do new things to succes in that way .
Because peoples thinking are always moving and they do not trast same things as long .
People needs to get new things to be good way at now .
So I agree to the idea `` Successful people try new things and take risks . ''

In Japan , there were comedian whose name is `` Dandy Sakano '' be famous in TV by his new things .
He has fun things it called `` gets ! '' that he did new thing .
That is thing just take pose and say `` gets '' but it is flash for japanese comedian would .
So most of japanese have seen him least one time at day when he was famous .
But few month later he desapper from TV .
Most of people forget him because he did not creat new things and just do same things .
People get fun for more new comedian whose name is `` Oriental Radio '' .
Then they keeping new things for people so they are famouse at now too .
This is one of reason Successful people try new things .
Second example that shows successful people try new things and take risks are Japanese famous buisnessman `` Horiemon '' who are made `` livedore '' company .
He create new buisness in internet that is servis for all of the people can talk and chat and get news from internet page .
He became success by this work .
So people needs new things .
I disagree `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .
The reason why i disagree this statement .
Because i think we should try our best to do anything .

First , i think we should try our best to do anything .
For examplan every people will watch tv and do same thing on the tv .
It mean people try new things and take riseks rather , but they only doing what they already knoe how to do well .
This is no good for us because we should learn a lot of knowlegder and history .
Than we can communicate with other people and understand what people talking about .

The other point is about we should learn and find a lot of information each day .
If we donot understand something we should find someone to help or we can go to library to find some information to help us .
Although if we always try something we know and donot try something we donot understant .
It will make us look like childer .

The other points is about we should learn something diference school than we will grown up .
For exampla , environment , relationship , history sush as those .
I always try my best to anything , if i donot how to donot something i will ask someone who know that and let them help me .

However , i think people try new things is good but people always should try to learn something thety donot know .
That is best than only learn they konw .
I hope even one can do this .
If you can do this thing you will try you bert more that befor .
I hope each one can do that .
Nowadays it is becoming really populare and known to whatch advertisements .
and the way that people react is defferint .
Some peolpe beleive it and some do .
will in my point of view they are important and i cheak what new in stores .
there are three main ideas that let me like advertisements .
thay can show you new products that you didnt knew about , tells you and show you evedans that it did satisfied people that tried this product , and usually in advertisement they sell you in special offers .

First of all imagin if we did not have advertisement , how whould we know if there is a good prodduct that will be usefull for me and i need it .
that it is in stores now .
some time better products come after the old ones and needed to be improved to sadisfy the customers .
Second , some products are not effective or as good another grand .
when you see a comersial that tell you what did a customer how tried all grand of a partucalr object but was satisfied only of this grand for example , I once saw an advirtisment that selled healt piles .
i called and order me one to see if they work or not and they told me that if i wanted my money back i will have to call after 2 weekes starting the day i try it .
the product was dilevered i tried it for amonth and what they said wase true .
finally when you see an advertisment of a new product sellers try to attracte peoples attention by giving customers better prices , so instade of selling you one product they will sell you two with the price of one .

In conclusion advertisind for products are important to see whats going on and what are new things that are available in stores .
and you don not have to try tje product if you dont want to .
you could try it once and if you did not like is dont buy the prodact a
I think that is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
My opinion is supported by our everydays ' life where the people has many suddenly problems at scholl or in work .
If I have a good knowledge in a specific subject I can well do a specific work , but it is impossible to have a work where there are n't problem with other specific work .
So this is important that the university or in general the school give a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and support in general the culture .
Because if our society is composed by person who do not want understand to much of things but want understand determinated or specifically things , this society is died .
My university is the best exaples to demonstrate that it is important studies many subjects than studies a specific subjects
i am relly agree some times i dont like a person that is teling you what you need to do or what you have to do but some times ir really interesting that they take you to the inportant places because if you go alone you have to be asking questionst to evry body so they cant telkl you the good places to go or the place that you should have to go .

One time when i lgo wit my dad the first time that y went to see tne sea it was very interesting but i dident know alot of thinks because i was to little so i was asking questions every time that want happend that if you dont know something you will ask but is diferent if you go whit seme one that he know the places that you are going and the informations ant the thimks that you have to take during the certain timew thsat you are going to be in the travel is a very importantb tink to go whit some that he already know abaut the situations he is goint to tell you lest go to this place because is more interesting ore you cand do more fun thinks that anly be in a room in a hotel or driving aroud town thats why i like to have somene that help me too know betere and more interestin place one time i went to california i was very exciting my aunt leave there but i was taveling by my self and i dident know i was really doing becouse i didet know many thinks of the place and allt he good stuff that you cand do in california that was a very interesting place i was visited all the most important places with my ant aunt and my cousins so it was a good time but i wil prefer to have a guide that cant tell me what i really have to do
i think that the people works very hard and try some new things and give them the success .
the luck do n't exist there are the lazy people who thinks that the luck exist .
if you know all must know you can have success in all a proverbs say its the strong an capacity of a person who work hardly the lazy call luck so this is my opinion about this subject
Without any doubt Iam strong agree with this statement because I see thiough my experences that we must keep our students understand any thing which we learnd to them not just give them the fact of any subject and , keep them to understand the fact with thierselves because they may do not anderstand the fact in the right way so this thing sure will make wast of our life .

For example of my opinion : when we learnd the students about some thing such as learning or education it is very important thing and everyone should learn , when we told them these words just without make them like it do you know what this means ?
this means that our chieldren may learn some time but , witgout beliving ant of information and the information do not keep in thier maind any more time after finshing thier high schools for example .

Another example is when I take with any one who wants to drive car about the methods of driving and saving others lives this person should understand exactly why I mean because if not he or she may drive fast so this will make a very big waste for all .

In a word I think that understand any small thing in our students lives will save our lives and I thi thin ; thise the very important thing and , this the resposbilty of parents and teachers .
The students in the classroom learn the process and methods for your knowledge .
The experiencie the professor help them to learn more and probably .
The Concept add to ideas are more important understand to students .

The ideas and concept generate more knowledge .
The use the concept with any idea produce new knowledege , For example if I use an idea about how analyst the land change , I use the remote sensing concept , and i generate new knowledge about the land change , how the deforestation increment in an area .
The cientist advance are the evolution of concept and new ideas .

The Ideas and concept can be used for solve problems .
for example if i need know about the problem with natural disaster i use the concept to Geographic Information System , and my idea about the how i do the analysis .
For example , the last problem in Bolivia with the Ninio Phenomena , the use of idea and concept help us to have options to solve the problem with this natural disaster the use of GIS help with identifying to areas with problems .

In conclution The Ideas and concept help to student and humanities to solve the problem , generate more knowledge , the use of tools add to concept help to us to do better the life in the world .
How do you make a travelling ?
Quite a few people prefer travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
They believe that it it time saving and more effienciet .
As to me , I do n't think it is the best way to travel , to be frankly , I prefer to arrange a travel by myself .

I do believe travelling is a kind of way to enjoy life , to spend sweet time with the family , the lover .
It is such a time .
You can make schedule yourself , the destination , accomodation , departure time , everything you like , as flexible as you want , no need to catch fast pace arranged by the tour agent , do n't worry about to rush to next destination , everything is so flexible to under your control .
I love that feeling .

Another good benefit of travelling alone is , I think , it is possible for me to know more about the place , the local culture , the people , the special customs , etc .
Because I do have more time and opportunities to do many things I am interesting .
I can manage the time to stay , the place to go , so much funny things .

One more important benefit of travelling alone is the economic aspect .
I can manage the travelling schedule by myself , choose the flight , the hotel at reasonalbe price .
Everything is under my budget control .

In a word , I prefer travelling alone .
I agree that successful people are not only doing what they already know how to do well but try new things and take risks .

For example , about five hundred years ago , Korean Naval General Yi was continue win consist Japan Naval army .
But he does n't confuse it and forecasted more bigger war after a few years .
So he made many new ships and training his army .
Therefore , after a few years he made so biggest win from Japan .

Second example is my mother .
She already gave many wealth and became well-known people in society .
But in 1998 , Korea met IMF .
As my mother taked risk , she felt to leck education level herself .
In fact , she was graduated elementary school only .
So she started middle school course when she was 45 years old .
Lastly , graduated middle school , high school , and university .
As I am a person who see my mother most nearby , I strongly confuse it .

In my opinion , when successful people meet difficult thing , they always challenge new thing .
I think that is better before to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because in this way i can enlarge my knowledge and learn all that is possible .
but then it is important to specialize in one specific subject , because in this way i can deepen my knowledge on a particular argument that i prefer and that is more interesting for me , for satisfy my curiosity .

for example i have study in scientific school for five years where i must study all the academic subjects ( for example : biology , filosofy , history , english , mathematic , latin ... )
so i have learn much academic subjects .

now instead i am study at the university architecture subject , because i love this job and i have ever loved all that is art or design ( modern art in particular ) , so now i prefer specialize in this specific subject to became an architect and to make what i love and i prefer in my future life .

instead if a person whant to specialize only in one specific subject he unknown all that the normal people known , and so this person can only speak and work in
I strongly agree with the given statement .
I think we usually misleaded by some advertisements or commercials .
There are many example for supporting my perspectives .

First of all , componies always want to promot their product for maximize their profit .
We can see many kinds of diet pill advertisements on magzine or commercials on telvesion .
The advertisements always said the diet pill can really works dramatically , but after people buy and use it , they feel they have cheated .
Because many componies just want a good marketing for their products .
They do not really care customers , even overexaggrating their products .

Additionally , the advertisement have to show advantages of the product , it will never said anything about disadvantages .
We usually see some body-building machine on telvesion commercial .
However , we also see many our friends bought a body-building machine , but did not really use it .
They often realized that machine is too big or
I totally agree withe statement because , due to following reasons :

1. As the population increases , the usage of cars is increased day by day and one day it will reach to peak level where there is no space to park or drive the car .

2. Secondarily , as the pollution increases usage of cars may be reduced and also avilability and price of the fuel has also been raised which may lead to fewer cars in use .

3. As the traffic increases public prefer to travel by public transport inspite of taking stress and strain to travel by cars in the traffic .
4. Due to increased production of variety of cars year by year and increase in the price of the car , public may not afford to buy the car .

5. Many people who would like to travel long distance they dont usually prefer travelling by cars instead they take public transport system to travel .
6. There may be other reason which can be guessed of less car usage is , if the cars are affordable to buy by the middle class families it may become a traffic problem as more public tend to buy the cars instead .

7. Nowadays , buying a car is easy , but due to higher growing fuel price .
Maintenance of the car has become expensive .

8. Due to higher usage of cars there may be shortage of parking space in the offices for the employees to park their cars .

9. There may be higher risk of road accidents .

So , may be in twenty years there will be surely less usage of cars as compared today .
in my opinion it 's true statement certainly .
because if you want to learn more thing you will konow more knowledge .
First of all , I do agree with this opinion .
I have to admit that the advertisements are essential assets for any businesses of late .
In order to succeed , the company has to market their products by using a good image .

People would prefer to have the one which was better presented visually .
I believe that people usually prone to judge by its own cover before actually examming it .
Those advertisements companies know this well and they manupilate the public images of them which lead us to consume .

For instance , the supermarket chain Marks and Spencers has been widely succeeding with their TV advertisements for the food lines .
I think this is a good example for how people 's reaction rely on the images they presented .
When you see those TV spots , you would find irresistable for those products .

Overall , I think it 's simply the nature of marketing to make commodities look better
in moden world , people may have less time that intend to enjoy lesiure .
nevertheless , yong people cost much time in working or studing that spring from severe competition .
they may work or study 10 hours or more a day and they may work hard in the weekend , that looks like mashines .
they don not seem to exhaust any time .
sometime i think they are crazy .
but older people have spare time , they may think they do not own enough time in the world .
they cherished time looks like gold .
so older people may travel in world or enjoy happy life comfortable , beautiful , tranquil country .
that is right , they have retired , they have worked for much of life , they need have a test .

in the West , older people may travel in the world , they want to utilize less live time in order to learn the world as enough as possible .
they are intersting in East culture particulary .
everyyear , many West older people get to china compactly .
i think that is good choice .
older people can gain knowledge and happy .
that is significant object .
but older people in my mother country , they have much different kinds of entrainment activity .
they play dance in city park , they play tiaji , and they play chess .
that is better too .

however , older enjoy life more than yough people
In fact some people think that after twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Some of them expect that the saince will have an explotion in the future and there will be some new vaicles .
In my opinion there will be fewer cars but not in the twenty years or even therty , in the far future .

cars are very important for alot of peple and they are nessacary in our life .
Some country cannot reduce there cars beacuse of many reasons .
The first and the most important reason is that they donnot apprepared for that yet .
They do n't have other way or method to reduce the avrage of cars .
However , they know that the cars causes alot of problems for the human , animals and the envairomet .
Second the popul
I do not agree that statemet ,
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .

To enjoy life , their age is not matter .
Most important thing to enjoy their lives is having strong perpose to live .
If people do not have certain perpose and reson in their lives , they might to spoil their time .
Even they are still young , they will spend their precious time to just have some fun .

I think Enjoying life and Having some fun time is not same .
Recently some American rich girls appeare on magazines , and they show their daily life-ltyle , go shopping , travering , atending party .
They are rich and cool .
But they seems not to have some special meaning to live .
they just spend their time and money .

People who have no money , no good-looking , but have strict aim to live and the pattion about his/her life , they can enjoy his/her life .

In addition , aged people have much experience and more patint than younger people .
And I think it is impotant poin to enjoy life .
It 's surely important to the students to undertand ideas and concepts and maybe it could be more simple to explain to their in that fashion , especially when it 's for exemple an math course and you consider that it 's either not important , or is not their level yet .
But if you see this problem like that , you will be obliged to work in it case by case , so in a general view a think that some person consider in many case that with only the concept or the idea the person understand well the problem without to learn the facts .
What it 's surely wrong , because you can be sure that he did the experience , so he know the facts .
Maybe he do n't know why or when , but he did it .
And you can check it with simple problems of the life for exemple , so if you consider that you know it because it 's simple , you wrong , all can be resume by ower experiences or facts of experiences of another one .
And maybe the stronger proof that I can done , it 's when you are in a somewhat difficult ideas and concepts , you are obliged to take in count the facts to undertstand the idea , because you ca n't did it whithout .
And logiquely we understand that the experience play a great part in ower logic and comprehension , and you ca n't that understand you are ogliged to observe , work in it , or do an effort to obtain the facts
I disagree with this statement .
I think that car is very important for our life .
Some people who live in convenient city do n't care to nothing car but local people do n't think so .
For example , `` Shopping '' .
Recently , many shopping moals and big supermarket are located in the place where is far from city or inconvenient place .
If those people do n't have a car , they can not go shopping anywhere .
And local place dose n't have many trains .
I think less and less young people nowadays take time to help their communities is true , but I do n't think the reason is because they do n't have enough time to help the communities .

If you take times to go to some campuses to take a look at , you will figure out what do our yang generation do after classes .
More and more Coffee shops , restaurants were opened , yang people drink and eat whole the day , from Sunday to Monday , from day to night .
It seems they rather than take time doing nothing , but not willing to do something for those people they might need to help .

I do n't know what 's wrong with our education system , however , it 's really bad because most of our yang generation are so unconsiderable for everything .
I beleive that having abroad knowledge is agood idea , but after having that huge eruption in informations , could this be possible ; The answer is `` no '' , because the student will spend all his life trying to cover all the academic subject .
In the ancient days this idea was mor applicabe , because the quantity of information in all topic was not that huge .

Being specialized at a certain field means that one can put all his effort and direct his talent .
It is important to clarify that these jumps in all fields come over when there was that speciality in dcademic fields .
its important to remind that a success in a field leads to another one in different field ; inventions in phesics area such as electricity , radioactive matters leads to good tools and instuments in the field of medicine .
we have here two obviously correct idea .
I think that young people gives their coummunties enough time for these reasons .
firstly , they spend most time on their home or around it , so the young people be around us almostly all over the time but I can say that was in the past .

nowaday the young people had alot of responsibility such as school for adult or going with their friends to the malls or to visit the other city or to go with their frinds aboard to visit other country and know more and more about the biggest world we had live in .
I will give reasons to presuade ( whom read this ) that my thinking is the better and correctly .

one of these reasons is that the young people on the winter if they had a school they come form school which they feel tired and they take arest for awhile then start to doing their home work or projects or study for exams so they did not have enough time to spend with their families .

the second , if the young people had graduate from the school they had feel freedom and they wants to go every where because their parents had prevent them because they feel that the true and by that way they can protect him so he want to discover the world which surrond him such as prison , when he got from the jail he be surprising and felt he is dreaming .

the third and the last , that most sentific provide that the young people ( both the men and wemen ) had powerful that they can work 18 hours contrating the old men or whose cross this stage so if set more than one hour ( the young one ) he felt bord and he automatically live the places , during the old one prefering the sitting .

I tell that because I am feeling the same and I hope that reasons had enough and presauding you ,
Nowadays seem that in our society the most important thing is the process of modernization .
This run to modernzation make a lot of problem to the enviroment where we live infact with the past of the years the the pollution has growed enormously and we have problems such as the hole of the ozone .
We are in a situations that we ca n't go on if we do n't want destroy our planet .
Therefore I think that since now and people are repairing to this situations for example with laws that forbidden the use of determinate inquinant materials or cutiing three in specific areas .
However their are only some ways to limite the problem .
In order to resolve the problem people in the future should evoid to use their car to go out but use a bicicles ore it migh be better create a new model of transport that does n't make problem to the enviroment .
Even using the public trasports instead of own cars could be a futuristic hypothesys .
in this way we could gain time and avoid the stress of the traffic jam especially in the rush hours .
I think it is the best solution especially in those big cities or those developing country such as cina or india were the utilization of the cars it could be a real problem , = This is the reason because of I think that in the future there will be fewer cars than there are today .
Nowadays it became really easy to travel around the world , thus a lot of tour guide propose to travel everywhere for cheaper .
For this reason , i think that this market is interesting for some people who prefer to be surrounded but in my opinion i 'm still convince that the best way to discover a country or a culture by myself is more interesting and more benefit .
They 're several reasons wich can explain my choice that i 'm going to show in this writting .

The discover of a new country is an amazing thing because when you arrived in those countries your are oftently surprised by the difference between how people who lives their are and how you live in your country .
You meet an other way to live because you 're in vacation for the most of time ; as result , you could n't see how is their life really because you 're more interesting by sunbath or by the activities offer by the hotels .
That is the badest way i think to take benefit from the country wich you visit .
I think that you loose much time to stay in your hotel instead of share greats moments to learn about the population and their coutumes .
In order of this examples i think that to travel in a group led is really lost your time .

The other way to travel and visit a country is to trip by yourself .
When you arrived in a country everything is unknown and you have to do like the local population , to use the commun transport , to eat like them and in fact to adopt the same life during your trip .
However , some peole could be scare to travel alone because they have any ideas about the place or about the rules .
But that 's why this way to travel is more interesting than a group led because you discover more interesting thing about
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that said most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my passage I am going to explain why I agree with this statement .
Also , I am going to explain why some companies do this kind of advertisements .

I accept this idea because I saw many kind of advertisments that makes the prodoucts better than real .
They are dozen of reasons that make the companies make this kind of advertisment .
But in my opinion I think the main reason is the compititon spirit between companies .
This spirit make the companies try to interduce thier products as a best product in the market , and some time those companies do n't have the quality to produce this product then they have to produce an advertisment make customers think this product or this offer is the best choise , but in real this is wrong and the advertisment makes the customer chiose this option .

In conclusion , the advertisments is an industry and companies use this industry to show thier products in the best way , even if this product does n't have the quality .
I agree with the following statement .
There has many reasons to prove that .
Young people enjoy life is more important than any thing eles .
Like us , we want make a exciting life ` a free zone ' .
just do myself , nerver to think about other things .
because safe is not important for young people , no matter the things worse for them , but if it can make them exciting , they will do .
In other way , at the job .
For example there has a people who has a company but have n't enough money to finish a project .
At this time if the men is young , he will do it , because he is not afraid anything , but if the men is the old , maybe he will refuse the project because they have n't ability to develop the life , they just want make life comfortable .
so young people want to try anything and had a hard work .
so I think young people enjoy life more than older people .
I agree with this statement `` In twenty years ther will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
This might be due to increase in population , high traffic and hike in fuel costs .

In current scenario , petrolium products costs are increasing rapidly .
By comparing costs of the same for past 5 years , rates are increased almost double .
This will influence more than any other factor to people to opt for other means of transpotation .

And some people might get think of frequent traffic jams during peak office timings , and find other means of transportation .
From my practical experience i can strongly say that this is very serious problem to think off as I got late to my office , mainly for inportant presentations .

Other factor which we ca n't avoid is increasing in population and roads 'll get conjusted .
This case it will be difficult to find a place to construct new roads in main traffic areas .
Even it ll be little difficult to government to displace the people , who lived nearby main roads to some other place in case of widening of roads .

From other positive side , since all metro cities are opting for MTS ( mass transportation system ) , people can easily change their means of transportation andcan avoid having cars .
And other way to forget cars is by staying in a walkable distance to their working places and other important activity places .

As a conclusion by considering all the mentioned difficulties in current trafic problems and advantegaes in mentiond solutions to avoid traffic , cars may get reduce in next 20 yrs .
Some people agree best way to trvavle is in a group led by a tour guide and some people disagree like this .
I agree this statement .
First because we know the way to travel is in a group , I can make some friends with same interst , and we ca n't feel lonly with a group , If I go to travel only me then I must think the travel is so boring .

Also , in a group lad by a tour guide , we can know , some important information such as we can go to which some famous place in this travel , and we can know some history stories in this travel , And we can eat difference food between in our live city .
If you do n't in a group you can miss this .

Finally , we must very happy in this travel we can play with many people .
And remebe some intersting things .
So I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide !
There are many different ways of learning and every body has got his way to learn and understand things .
do you agree with me in this ?
Is i more important for sudents to undersand ideas and conceps than it is for them to learn facs .
I think learning the facts is more important .

First of all not all the student can understand ideas and concepts because they varing in thinking and cant all the time imagine whate the teatcher talking about for example i have a frined of mine and he is a teacher and he telling me abou this that most studente cant understand by explaining ideas and concepts .

In the other hand he sudent can undersand facts easly for a big reasone because they can see theme and they can touch them by hand some times so they belive in them and the good example of this the same teacher who een teaching for more than twenty years prove to me that is right by kindly talking me to many of his clases and showed me and i belive in him ecause it was a fact .

I wish tha you agree
I agree with this sentence , because if I do only the things that I know to do well , i do n't understand nothing of new , and I never grow up .
In my personal experience , I took a very hard carreer for me .
In fact , study is not my passion , but I think that today , in the world , and in particular in Italy , the success of a person begin with a high level carreer of study .
In this way I began seven years ago a university 's course of mechanical engineering .
I found very much difficult during these years , but searching to pass these problems I become stronger than when I began the university .

But the risk in the life is to be too happy for the things obtained , and to think `` to be arrived '' , and conseguently do n't see the world around us .
I think that is important to never `` seat down '' , and continue to do things that we do not well , in the way to understand alwais new thing and to make a better person to themselves .
I think travel with friend and without tour guide is the best .
true happiness and knowledge came from horrable experience .
if tour guide are together with you , there are any ploblems .
how and you get the worth of effort on that conditions ?

travel With friend means it 's better than the alone .
of course there are many benefits in travel alone , but the pleasure is less than the two .
I think to have pleasure and happiness also important in traveling .

2 years ago , I went to philipines with only my best friend for almost one year .
that gives me strong self-confidence , relationships , and lots of experiences .
through the terrible mistakes , I had many bad suffer .
but that gaves me amazing social abilities .

of course , travel with tour guide can give us specific information .
but it is less important than the lots of benfits which is get by oneself .
and that is more useful to live in .

in korea , many people travel alone or with friend before the graduate from university .
so called bagpack-travel .

in my opinion , the best way to travel is with your best friend .
In the morden world , people always work so hard for their life , unusaly they forget to enjoy their life .
There are bring a question tha if young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
There are some people think that the older people are more enjoy the young people , the main reanson is that older people have enough time to enjoy their life .
In my opinion , in fact that the young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The reasons are below .

There maybe one or two advantages of the old people enjoy life more than young people .
For instance , that when a person became old , they did n't spend so many time on work , stay themselves to live in the world .
They have their son to gave their enough money to eat and drink , they only thing need to do is that to enjoy their own life .
But young people must spend their time to work , study , and so on .
They have so many things to do , lead to do n't have time to enjoy their life .

Alao , I agree that the time is limet the young people to enjoy their life , but constrant the advantages , this will became not improtant .
The young people have some many typies ways for them to enjoy their life , in the morden world , there are have different choices for young people to play .
For instance , that when after the whole day 's work or in the weekend , they can play football , basketball , and the other sports .
There are not only goof for their body keep heath but also can make themselves relax .
On the other hand , they could paly computer games with each other .
Not only of this , there have many other choice like sing song , dance , and so on .
But these thing seem to hard for old people , they move so hardly , and do n't have health body to play this thing like sports .
They main way is to stay home watch TV or talk wtih somebody .

The other advantage of young people enjoy life is that they have good health to enjoy their life .
One person if do n't have good health that means so many things they could lost .

There are is why i think young people enj
Many people asserted that youg people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
Although it would easy to accept this statement at fact value , it is such a complex one .
Personally , I disagree this statement for two reasons .

The first reason for my disagreement is that personailty .
A man 's worth is not lie in what he has but lie what he is .
That is to say , personailty is essentially .
Take me for example .
When I was college student , Even we had a lot of things to do , we still seprated the rest of time to helping our communities .
We do a lot of things such as assisted taking care homeless child , play with them , and read story for them .
Therefor , I did n't yough people spend few of time to helping their communities .

Another reason is that young people would like to enrich their experice and increase their awareness and consiciousness .
To help their communties is nessary and important .
Young people will spend a lot of time to helping people who is ineed .
they thinks is valuableto do this .
So , I do n't believed that young people do n't give enough time to helping their communitied .

All of these reasons have deeply influenced my point of view on thia issue .
That is not to say , of course , that other points of view are completely without merit .
However , I believed that the reasons I have provided in favor of my point of view are stronger .
I think that today , there are a lot of students that want to study and in this way they could have a better future .
I believe that it is easier to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
It is also true that it is very important to know facts because it could be usefull in our lives .
Therefore It is up to us to understand what we want to do .

There are differnt types of thinking about it , but I reckon that for a student to understand ideas and concepts is more and more important and simple copared to learn facts .

For instance I 'm an architect and when I was a student I discussed a lot with my teachers about this problem .
I wanted only to understand ideas because I considerded very difficult to remember facts and other things .

Today I think that to understand concepts and to learn facts should be important for all of us and each one shoud make it better .
I agreee this statement .
First of all , Considered with the physical aspect , young people have more energy than older people have .
This is simple difference .

The biggest difference between young people and older people is experience .
This experience is the most impotant element for enjoy life .
Older people experience the life process for example , school , graduation , work , marriage , to have children and so on .
Needless to say yound people have not exprienced such kind of life experience .

Therefore every single things towards them are completely new for young people .
They are very exsited to be expericed them .
The first time to experence something is always fun .
However once people experienced something .
this something never be the first experience .
To get to be familar with new things makes us to remove the feeling of fun .
by using another words , older people are surrounded by the things which they had already experienced .
In this circumsatnce it is difficult to find out any passion and new feeling .
it is just normal for older people .
I agree that the , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , for several resones .

First , this is the way of studing .
If the students want to be seccessful in their study they must to understand the ideas and concepts first .
For example , if the student has a giugraphy class and the teacher gave hime or her the information what he or she needs .
But they are ideas , and they agnist the facts .
Then , the same studen has an exam in the same class .
And he or she faced a qustion about the information , which is the teacher gave him or her .
Then , he or she wanted to write the answer to that qustion and the answer was an idea , which is agnist the fact .
If the studen wrote the fact , he or she will miss the point , but he or fhe wrote the same onformationn , which is the profassor has given her or him , he or she will get the point .
Therefore , this is very important .

Second , it be helpfull for students on the futuer and incress the knowlge of them .
How it is come ?
learning the idea and the concepts is leading to facts .
For example , if the students learn the ideas and the concepts , then they knew there are facts about the same things that will encorge them to find the facts .
And if they kept in the same way , which is understand the idea and the concepts , then they will have really great knowlge and that will help them in the future .
Therefore , the that will incress the students ' knowlge .

In short , it is nice to learn facts too but I still agree that was why I agree that `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is fot them to learn facts . ''
So , ideas and concepts then facts .
In my opinion it is better to study all subject regarding his academics then only in one subject , which offers better career .
even though ther is chance that many things will be confusion and the less things will be much effective and also we will have good job if we are good at the subject .
Unless we will be effective in all the subject any body will not get good jobs .

Having broad knowledge it will also use full in daily purpose for example if he doesnot know any thing about science that regarding to the medicens then for every small sake he should go the hospital for regular checkup .
But if have some what knowledge about the science we can able to solve the simple problems .

If we have knowledge in many subject it will have its own adventages we wil get good jobs and also we will have good career and will be well settled .
But unless we will have prefect knowledge in al lthe subject we will not settled for example if a person whoes specilisation is communication he should have software knowledge also why bacause it will provide much jobs and we will be verry use full inorder to well settled .

And also if the person is well in only one subject if ther areless jobs then how can he get good job has there are no jobs regarding that subject , so it is better to have knowledge in all academic subject then in only one subject So it is better to have broad subject knowledge then only in one suject .
Yes .
For example this it 's possible to observ this question in a TV spots .
We all days watch TV and so a lot of spots .
The object or the produtc of spot is showed always like a magic thing .
This is valued from a home product to a healt product .
Sometimes we see , in a spot , beauty creams that make miracles ; a woman change from a fat to slim with a few of creams .
Another example is about the clotings ; the message of spot is if you use that kind of jacket you 'll be cool !
Finally if you are in a supermarket you can see differnts types of the same product , but it 's always the same .
This a problem beacause a young mind can fall in this point of view and so think in this way .
We live in a rich society but at meantime there is a poor class of people .
I agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people so .
There are two reason for that ; their flexibleness and much time .
First of all , I think young people is tend to be more flexible than old people for every kind of thing , such as learning lunguage or someting spesific subjects .
A recent science report showed that people who under 20 have the momerize ability theree time more than people who are over 45 .
Furthermore , I think the old are tend to be conservative , so they rarely change their custom or mind even though those are not good .
Compartred with them young people can try to find something fun anytime .
Thus , young people can apply to many thing and they can make their life happier .

Second , young people have more time to do than older person .
If they want to so something new they may easy to start it .
Because they do not have to worry about time of failur .

That is why I think young people van
According to my opnien on argumrnt evolves an approch int he direction of supporting the that Sucessful people try new things and takes riks the said aspects that title there by illustrating some factors that are seginificent to the points put forroward as stated below .

Most of the sucessful people try new things and take riscks .
Because sucessful people mind is very shorp they think differently compared with others .
If they see ant new things suddenly asks him self 3QUESTIONS what ? , why ? , when ? .
then they start thing about the newly seened objest then they keep patents to learn about that .
We know that `` Room was not built in one day '' and they take risks for that .
As we know that `` Where ther is a way There is a will '' .
They not live inthe middle they research up to end .

Form past we learn lot of things sintests discover every thing now we are engoying what hey discover .
Sintests are always sucessors they do not leave any one in the middle they fight up to reach the goal .
Thats way they deisover alot .
They do not stop at the discovery off one thing , theysearch for next time morre accurate one or else for any new discoverys .

sucessors or god gifted people teir mind always think about new things and resesrch for now ones .
As they do like that now we enjoy all leaxury things .
Every one thing for new things but some peoples fight till end of the battle they are the Sucessors .

Try for new thing have lot of benifites than only doing already kown to do well .
for Example Robbrt didnt think about plain now we cant move from one city to another .
search for new things gives more leaxuories life for the next generations .
at the ame time doing already know we can improve the performans in more acuurate manner .

Rearching for new things govern ment gives more encoragement as it benifies to socity .
Altho elabration if argument has sreveral sucess aspects and few draw backs over weight give
There are a lot of people all over the world to travel somewhre in a year .
Some people think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
However , I disagree with the thinking about traveling .
I will write reasons next paragraphs .

First , I want to go alone or my friends about my trip , because I da n't want to be led someone .
I will buy guid book which we are going to go places .
After that , we will be held meeting about traveling .
On the other hands , if we would join a group , we will have to be led a tour guide , so we could not spend a great time .

Second , I do n't want to pay waste mony using a tour guide .
A tour guide shows around somewhre as a job .
Therefore , money of traveling is included their payment .
If we would go traveling somewhere by ourselves , we only pay our traveling money .

Third , I want to look many places by myself .
I want to find hotels , restaurants and so on also .
It is comfortable to use travel company .
However , I think that it will be good memories prefer traveling alone or only with my friends to in a group .

Thus , I do n't consider that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I have some reasons about traveling .
I do n't want to pay waste money , and I want to decide by myself .
Cars are verry inportent to a person , we use it for transpotatins , travilling and more , but it needs alot of moneyfor the petrole and inshorens and not forgeting the cost of the car its self .
There for i agree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use .

Because of teqnology other replasments wich will provide a better service and sheaper cost will be invented or expanded .
For example before cars were invented people used to ride hourses and camls , as for the futer maybe jet-planes in the cise of car whold be invented .

Another reason for dicreasing the quantity of cars would be for saving the invironment from the poloted are causd by cars , espcially the ons that runs by desel , that is why those cind of cars are not allowd in serton countrys like Lebinon for example .

After twenty years i believe that evry thing will be provided at home , our work and things we need .
So no need for any body to get out of the house and go into their car and drive all the way to go to worl or to get somthing and go back home , because you can simpply pick up your phone or get on the internet and order what ever you wish .
As a resoult there will be no reason to buy a car is the first place .
After all , why go to something when that thing can come to you ?

At least I hope that fewer cars will be used after twnty years for the reasons i menshioned erlyer .
Because I believe that the world would be better of with less cars in the futer , because the invairoment will be less ploted , and we will get to save time by staing at home , and not driving the car around to go to places .
I disagree about most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ...
Because not most advertisements make products seen much better than they really are ...
I agree that is the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
That make me more comfortable for two reasons such as the leder can mange the group and save the money .
That what i am going to write about .

Frist of all , managing a group is not easy as what people think a bout it .
It is hard to mange yourself baside if you mange yourself and the all people in the group .
It is important becuase may you have any problem who can solve in that time is the leder .

Second , if you have your money you can put it with the leder becuase he is the one who has the reasponsbilty for that .
That make you not worry about your money during the trip .

In oppinets of , people who disgree .
They think , they can do it by themself .
Morefore , they can not becuase they will fight and it will not be a good trap to remmber .
That was my opinion may it is true may not .

Finally , we have been read saverl couses that make a leder is important for any group you want to travel with .
In order to , make sure your group has a good manage and your money in a save place .
some people try new things and take risks , and the others would rather only doing what they already know how to do , in fact there a lot of people who like adventure because they will get the benefit behaind it , while the others prefer to fallow the rotain ant doing what are they used to do , however , in my own opinion I beleive that successful people who try new things and facing the risk because of several reasons ;

First : no one could ever find him or her self without trying new things which is would be helpful to figure out what what are they intrested in , and if they have a talent or not , in fact every one should know what the thing that he or she be successful in it ,

second : there is no doubt that people suppose to learn for their mistakes in this life .
therefore they should try a lot of things as long as they reach their goals , and no matter how many trouble that we confronted , because the point is how much did we learn from our mistakes .

theard : being brave and try new things would support people confident and self steem , conequently , they would oncrees thair oportunity for being success .
beside that they would beleive in what are they as long as they trust them selves .

finally : facing the risk and adventure is the only way to find your self , indeed , without no one could ever know that his or her prefrence in this life , it wouls create a lot of opurtunity for people and wouldhelpful .
Nowerday , I can get the information easily and easy to watch many advertisements in my life .
There are many kind of advertisments and I do n't know which one is correct or not .
I disagree that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
Because I think advertisements always talk about correctlly and reallistic .
I prefer to use money really more better than advertisements .

FIrst , most advertisments must treat reallistic .
For instance , If I watch TV and newspaper , I can easy to see many advertisments .
It makes me a happy , funny and desire .
Because It looks like very beautiful and wonderful .
But sometimes I must believe the information and occer my action .
If the information is not correct , I may be confuse .
If the advertisement said a lot of thing but real is so teribble , I may be shock and angry .
Someone may say , you are wrong to miss informations .
But I think this situation is advertisements are wrong .

second , lately , It take much cost for advertisments .
Many company use a advertisment , I think advertisment is not so important .
Actually pepole may know about the company , but company 's product
in our society we live arounded by every kind of spots : on tv , on internet , on the streets .
spots are became very important for all industries and in generally for every businness activiities .
for this reason who make spot want to realize something that capture the attention of consumers in every way .
but we do not often pay attention to them and so we do not check if the spot messages corrispond exactly to reality .
in this way the spots can easily influence who are hearing them especialy children that have not a lot of experiences and they often belive everything we tell them .
this aspect can be dangerous for children who are not able to check the bad an dangerous sides of some products for example the medicine spot .

so i think that autorithies must controll much more every spot and all advertisements of products in order to give more good infomation to consumer
I agree with that .
When people was young , they may had more dream .
Dream can make more power to do someting .
The young people are always positeve .
Becouse they have not presser of life .
They do n't need to work .
They just need to study and enjoy with friends .

When I was a child .
I played with my friends every day .
I think It 's the most beautiful times in my life .
Entill today , I often remenber that time .
The young people are innosent .
They like to make friends and comunicate to other people evety time .
So the comunication is the most enjoyable in the people life .
experiance for risks

economy to management agreculture to education there has been lots of changes in the last century wiht in these changes sometimes we had to make a choice to be successful in our working life .
although some of us though that try new things and take risk to be successful is good idea some of us think it is not quite well have enough knowledge experiance advirtisement worring lost money are reasons to continuo what we already do

firstly to be succesfull in some job it requires lots of information and experiment for example my father has restaurant and he know lots of thing like cooking , servicing .
if he dont know how to cook he can not make any food so he can not sell anything .
if he waqnt to try have market he should learn lots of things to do

in addition to be good management or businesman we sould also know how to advertise product .
and if we dont know enough information about product we can not sell more so to be learn how to advertise the product require to know whole information about it and trying to new job requires to learn all new things

moreover if we dont sure to earn more money on new job you can lost all your investment .
for example my friend had shop before and changed job and started to make cook and he could not achieve this so he lost his all investment

in conlusion knowledge
i agree with that idea .
i think successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
let me give an example from real life , for instance edison he explored very useful thing for human that is lumb .
before he explored it he did 99 experiment and at the end of he found lamb .
he took a risk also he could stop but he didnt and finally at his 100 experiment he found it .
i point out at this essay about taking a risk but also trying new things is so important to become success .
if you wanna improve yourself you should open to new things .
when we see the history every community that they dont wanna change is cleaned from history and the new ones come to their place .
if we handle a Ataturk he tried to change the goverment and he became successful at that point if he didnt encourge that and he didnt take risk maybe in turkey democratic goverment wouldnt established and we become like other poor countries .
also we can give scientist as an example cause they try to make new things to useful for human and take risks for this aim .
if they wouldnt like that human live like an animal and pre-historical age .
they invent most things by this way and we improve ourself and increas our life standard .
This word `` Most adventisements make products seem much better than they really are '' is the famous for the making the new products , or new mind of the human being .
I am really agree about this statement .
There are many my opinion and supporting about my thought .

Someone needs products what they need , the man make the advatage of the products .
Human is the only one who could advertise something , man sad .
I agree about that .
That 's why the human can environmetal the everythings .

Human 's ideas develope every day , and every sencond .
The ideas make the humans ' life make new .
That is why the abvertisements make the products better .

For example , `` the flight '' is the good sense .
There are many products from man 's advertisements .
But the flight is the best examples , I think .
Grimm brothers made the flight in the first time , but the advertisements war not the first .
The most famous person who the flight advertised , the Reonardo Davinci .
He would like to fly to the sky , not only Davinci but also many other poeples want to fly .
That is why the flight is more develope .
In the feature the flight will be more advertise , beacause there are also other needs and provinces of the human .

There are another examples for the agreement the statement .
That is Computers .
Until 1960s there are the first computer huge like a big room .
The first need of the computer was the calculators .
But now a days , with out the computer could not make friends or not could heard the news all of the world .
The advetisemenst make the computers much more better .
The computer not any more can use in the house or bildungs .
Man could use computers anywhere they want .
That is the Laptop .
The wireless internet sevice help the activitises of the computers .

That is not the end of the examplese .
But the best way to explain the statement .
The advertisement make in the feature also much better than the human thi
Allthough many people think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , from my point of view this statement is not correct .
I think so because of my personal expierences .
I lived a short time in africa - and so I think I have a better `` view of the world '' what covinced me .

In Africa it was normal that everybody help eachother and this was the own way to get something .
Maybe there is a specially situation .
There are not enough education and think 's like that .
In the other way the cities looks like in europe and you can by everthing like in europe .
The people have n't enough and so you need the help from the others .
In Europe or in the other industrial states the name of this thing is like `` develop countries '' .
But is it right ?
I do n't think so .

I can understand the author of the statement if we have only a look of the industrial states .
I think in these countiers the people are conzentrated at ther own .
Everybody want 's the best for ownself and so it can be happen that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
But is that a good way ?

In my view it 's better to help eachother because in this way you can also learn from eachother .
Furthermore I believe that helping is a good think and if you help anybody you get back more ...
Maybay not in the same second but in own time ...
And if we have n't any time in our high `` develop world '' so we must took the time because it is nessesary .
If you help somebaody you can also open your mind for an other point of view or you can learn an other waw to past the goal .
S , I believe in this way we can learn form the `` develop world '' .
It 's not good to forget in what a safty world we live .
These safty world can also changes in a world where anybody looking at there own and forget the other ...
In my opinion that will be not good .
So , perhaps have the `` industrial world '' in one time a look to the `` third world '' to learn someting - the importend thing not forget to help .

Concluding I would like to say , that I can understand the people in the high develop countries to think that the young people nowadays do not have enough time to helping their commmunities .
But the high develop countiers are not the world .
It is nessesary that the people not forget , that the succsess is not the importend thing .
If you help eachother so is a smile for a thank sometimes more ...
Maybe in the industrial countiers will change the view .
I think it will be good ...
No one can deny that the country needs alot of work and effort to become stronger .
so all the countries deppend in her people to become one of the best countries in the wold and that would not be until the all commmunity work hard to reach that .

So if we really want to become one of the best we should work hard ; and i mean by we ; all the people in the country young and old poeple because the county not only for one person it is forthe whole people in the community .

So about the question i think that i disagree with this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because i think that young people is the basec of the community and without young people there would be no community .

moreover , the community deppend most on the young generation becuase they have the effort and the ablity to work for a long time without complaning .
besides , the young people have the strong and the health to work in different places .

but nowadays there is alot of ald people who say that young people do not give enough time to helping the community and that is of course not corret because alot of young men nowadays can not find a job so they con not help there community .
but in the other hand nowadays there is alot of other young people who works hard and they are really interesting in there job so the give it there whole time and effort besides , the are creating alot of new things in the community that are very useful for nowaday and for the future .

So after all this things that the young people had made nobody can egnore there importance in the community .
I agree with statement that is successful people try new thinng and risks .
there are many reasons to work on new things .
some people have interest on the particular subject , he learn all the available information and try to discover new innovations to useful to me and public .
the have knowledge about that topic and he want discover something by his own and assistance some books and some professors etc .

the are many companies like micrisoft , infosye bhel etc are the already exsisting companies .
but in such they are always to release new technology to public .
for example the microsoft first interduced his first operating system on 1970's .
the company produced many versions of the operating system into market .
they also wprk on the many new technology to work more reliable to humanin now a days a power full OS vista coming into market .
it has the many advances from the older versions of the OS .

today we used many technology like tele phone , computer , television , automobile , etc were invented by ordanary person like us .
but the way of thinking was different with some of us .
the way of thinking puts the man in so height .
because it got an excellent result .
at beging stage we must take some difficulties but after reaching that he got wonderfull results .

a perso who want to try new things he must take many chanllenges and risks .
by putting a deep constration on the that thing and spend so much time on the that project and finally he got result and also fame .
the risks are different types like far away from home , money problems etc.in some conditions the way i.e knowing the already existing t
i agree on that in the future ( around twenty years ) cars will be fewer , because other kind of transportation will improve and will be more easyer .
for instant using trains with a fast speed and has many different stations will make man be more comfurtabule using it rather then his/her oun car .
also buses can give a big comfurtabule life for peaple .
because peaple will not have to think about parking or even taking care of thier cars or any other careness .
in addition , number of peaple will increase in the future , that will cause a lot of traffic and air pullotion .
so i think using other transportation other thene cars will give a big help for peaple to get to other places without any problems as mentioned above .
therfor , i beleive human will begin to egnore cars and try to depend on more easeir and more comfurtabule tranportations to live a better , comfurtabule , cleaner life .
I agree with this Question 's statement .
So I think that In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Because today , It 's becoming too bad environment ploblem .
We need to decrease to use our car .
Because Our car 's gasolin cause to today 's environment ploblem .
If we use our car like today , the environment ploblem is too bad .
So I think that we need to make a rule to decrease to use our car .
I think that we should making a rule to decrease to use our car is global standard .
I think that we should get this environment ploblem to save the earth .
And if we get this environment ploblem , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
So I agree with the this Question 's statement .
To save the earth , I think that we should decrease the oppotunity to use our car .
If we use more and more , the environment ploblem is too bad .
I think this is no good .
Because I agree
I agree with the statement with `` young people enjoy there life more than older people do '' .
When life is like a game and we ever dont know that will happen any time with our game .
So i think it was best place to enjoy the life at some good young stage .
Enjoying the life can be of many forms .
But it should be make some attention in the career growth too .
For example a young kid can enjoy his profession which intern makes sucess for this career .

Enjoying the life with some carrer oriented allways a good option .
I enjoy my current profession Software Engineer very much and i likes to keep every thing honest without any misleads .
This is the way i feel myself happy .
There are many examples like the people enjoy there work and becoming very great people .
Small example i can give is Google websearch creators , they enjoyed there profession very much and started developing a very great product this intern leaded to the employment to many people aroung the world .
Young people enjoy there life and also should set some examples what is the proper meaning of the `` enjoying the life '' .
This is not only releated to the area of science this can be releated to the areas of music , arts , soical etc .

Youngsters are backbone of any country development and growth .
But the enjoying the life should not turn in bad habbits example like Drugs , sex etc .
Seting example to the others is allways are great feeling for any young kid .
There are many greater stories happening in the recent time about many young kids how do they enjoy the life and sets examples .

Finally i feel we has to enjoy the life with fun and passion and face the problems straight and set examples to the others
Of course i completely suuport the idea that most advertisements make products seem much much better than they really are .
Let me talk about an experience of myself , i have followed the adeverements many time in making decisions and after that i found that i was mistaking .

For examples , i watched on the television about a new kitchen tools which was very nice and very cheap .
In that time particulary i was preparing my apartement and i was looking for such things .

In the first i thought it was very nice but after buying it i found it was a big mistake to buy it because it spent onle one week and after that it completely destructed .

Another thing which happen to me while i was looking for a insurance company for my new car , i red an announcement about a new insurance company , that advertisment was like a dream , it said that if any small thing happened to your car it will be fixed totally free , and if the car is completely destructed , you will have a new car , when i red it i decided that i will join this company to insure on my car , after one year of joining that company and paying all my money , i made an acciedent with my car , and when i went to the insurance company , i was astonished to hear that i would not get any money because i was mistaken .

Another one more thing , when i was look for a nice place to spend my honey mool there with my new wife i heared about a new tourism company .
I went to it and i asked them for a nice place to go and they advised me to go for a certain place .
But when i went there i found that every thing is very bad .

So that i think that one should not follow the advertisements when shearching for any thing because many companies try to sell its bad products by making a very incorret advertisements and they pay atremendous amount of money in it and spend alot of money to make it looks like what we see .
on my opinion , I agree with following statment , becose saverel thing .
firest , young people nowadays didnt give enough time to helping their communities , satch as , during smumer they do any thing to help pepole speshelly the old pepole , invirement , clean ocen , or drage pepole .
so the young must be do some thing to help us .

in the thierd world their is allot of station to work in. second , the goverment in third world dont allowd to young pepole make any thing it fred of them .
in fact the realty hard to children , womans , and old men , not the young people .
so the last thing l went to writte it .
it about respenspltey of govrement to allwed for this young to reserve anther pepole with out many .
joust for the gad , hapienes , or homens .
do some thing for anther pepole will do thing for you in anther pleas and time .
People say that we prefer to learn facts in the our life .
some people also say that learning something without understanding ideas and concepts of the materials are dangerous in the their fields .

In my opinion , I think that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts At first , when I was high school , I had to experience to learn my science subject without understanding concepts coming my test .
As the result , I was not taken score that I wanted because I had to memorised the subject on purpose such like another students studing their test .
However my friend named Mathuda had to study his subject in keeping understand the test .
in addition if he was not understand any more about science , he tried to struggle to understand the science of the concept .
so he won the prize of test .

understanding the concept contributies students to konw in the fields more detail .
It offers our to have imaginage in our life .
It means more effective than learn facts because we need to develop strong skill of our subject in our life .
Having understand ideas is to establishes to expand our field more .
In this manner .
I prefer to study understanding ideas and concepts .
In conclusion , I agree with above statement .
For my personal experience , I do n't agree with the statement : I think that understand ideas and learn facts have the same importance .
I study engeneering at the university and in this environment I have learned that understand concepts make you able to apply their one to different problems ; nevertheless if you practise what have you learned , you may fix in your mind the true mean of you have only read in a book : the two things have to go with the same step .

In life , in general , I have the same point of view : I think experience is all , thereby concepts and practise imply one inside the other one .
I want say that someone may learn ideas by facts , or facts by ideas , but it is most important make experiences , so one person have to improve his/her couriosity toward life at the same way with the two instruments ( ideas and facts ) .
Young people will take the control of our country .
They are our 's future .
we educate them .
However , nobody think the future and young people are n't important for them .
if younp people give enough time to helping their communities , everybody understand them .

Nowadays , young people do n't five enough time to helping their communities because they want playing games and chatting on the internet .
We should teach them to importance of the helping communities .
If they understand what they did wrong , it is benefitial for everyone .

As we know , all people like playing computer games and surfing on the internet .
However , when they do this , they forget their works and their duties .
Also young people behave like this and they do n't give enough time to elping their communities .

In schools , teachers do n't teach only the lessons .
They should teach them the importance of helping their communities .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is benefitial for our country .

Finally , if we do n't think the future , we should n't live .
Because we have to give our sons a perfect world and , of course , they should use this world as good as they can .
Without question , I disagree this statement .
there are two reasons : dvelpoping countries and the evorution of cars .
First , the people who need car become more larger in these twenty years than today .
because in most of the developing countries , the population are becoming larger and larger , and in such coutry people want to have cars as they become rich .
For example , in China there were many people who only have bike in ten years ago , but today many chinese come to rich and bigin to buy cars .
Thus , as developing countries grow in economically , needs for cars is increasing .

Second , in these days , cars become more harmless for environments because of the evorution of their tecnology .
For example , soler cars only uses sunlight and dose not contaminate air .
If these cars become more cheeper , people who care about environments could use cars .
Thus in developed countories , the needs for cars may not decline .

All in all , I can not agree with that in twenty years there willbe fewer cars in use .
Because this opinion dose not concern about needs in developing countries and evorution of tecnology .
For me the advertisements now are part of our life in a wrong way .
We are submitted from this .
Sometimes the advertisements are very important , we can see new things , new ideas , comparising different opinion about different product .

But it could be a disaster if we trust everything these advertisements say and we no more think with our knowledge .
The terrible thing is that sometimes they really seem much better than they really are !!
For me is a problem about our world , about the industry .
Some pleople for money , for the power can do everything .
I really like graphic designer but sometimes it became dangerus to do everything they told use to do , becuase olso sometimes the television make the thing much better than it really is .
many years ago we dont have different types of car but now we have .
It is an important thing to talk about traveling .
There are a lot of tip of traveling this day such as traveling in group led .
I like and agree with this way of traveling .
There a lot of reasons about that lets tallk abouut it .

In the first of all , It is more intreseted because you will meet new people and you will liston to their stories some of them funny and some borading for example , last summer I was in a group led in Eypt at nigth each person told us some thing scery hppend with him .
That was really a funny thing .

In addition , traveling in a group led learn you how to solve problems and how to contarol your self for example , when you have limited time and and little money so you will schgual you self to spend the money in the rigth way .
Some people have strong qualifited to do different job in the trip .
So tour guide will orgnize whole this thing to you and you will havw good plan for this vacation .
Tour guide must tell you his planning and suggestion and ask you if you comfirtable with that or not .

In the end , The best way to travel is a group led by a tour guide .
Realy it is an important topic
I think there are many way to trip .
but I think travel with just a few people is much better .
there many reasons can support my thinking .
One of the reason is travel with group led by guide , people should adapt their thinking .
the travel in group can be contrast to working in company .
working in company I should follow my leader , so I ca n't do what i want to do very well .
also it just contains my opinion little bit .
but working in own business or small business , they can share there opinion , and they can have dicussion , they can find best way to solve .
the trip with few people is same case as working in own business .
trip with few people , they can share there idea also they can choose best way to enjoy there trip .

Another reason , travel with tour guide , I feel not comfortable .
I should follow the trip route which planned by tour guide , also I should be part of the group .
for example , I trip the France for have great time in Effel tower in Paris .
if i trip with group led by a tour guide , the tour guide will set up the schedule for trip but there are just 3hours for touring in Paris .
so i ca n't have enough time for Effel tower , and i tour in another region that im not interested in. and it can cost much more than travel with few people .
because you should pay for tour guide , and the hotel which chosen by tour guide .

last reason , people can develop their responsible and ability of independence by traveling with alone or just few people .
and it can be more exciting .
because you should have to ask to the people in that region and search about that area .
sometime it makes you cost money and time but it can be good experience to you .

Therefore travel with few people or alone is the best way to trip and have fun in trip .
also trip is not just for fun , you can learn the culture by searching that area .
Iam n , t agree be cause some team very dangers do big broblam .
Then we lost all honor and some people do , nt pleiv me or us .
some thay dose n , t enagph time for help peapol .
some time some body like help evry body but may be some peapol rong uderstand .
about some young peopl his , her father , mother prevent from help eny bodies need eny help be cause thay afreed from eny bad result and some young peopl by him self thay dose not want help be cause not expect may be he or she in same time and same local , the live now it is very very defecult if me or eny body refused help may be add difecult full or may be not continued .
Abaut my self i like all the people help to gethar antil became the live very sympleand shold cooprative to gethare thanks ,
Travel was a big way to know other country , customs in the world .
I thing you problaly like to know my agree or disagree in narrator ...
My agreement about know other country give more expression to get air plane need more money for the hotel , ticket , learn the geographic and historic for the new environement .
All way ask question other peoples , with learn every day .
I will have a good relase , no stress , reading new paper , have find with the new friend conversation , go to musuem about old event historic and animals .
Explored more restaurant with task because where i can from is different to america , iam from the speak french that what i willl have disagree some sentences .
Life is very difficult if you families is poor you will never tarvel to know other world , that means money talk .
Most know or learn some of word in english before travel because i have difficulty in my pronouciation and phonit
It is a contradictory statement .
First I agree because if a student learns ideas and concepts can take decisions .
With an idea or concept a student can think about uses , aplications or simply examples of the topics from where it came .
P.e. if you think on a different equipment that you can do with something cilinder ( the idea is the cilinder ) , you get aplications of it like you can do a drum , a tunnel , etc .

Ideas and concepts can be used to priorize different subjects and to focus on a principal goal to be sucessfully , p.e. if you get different ideas of an electrical problem that you have on class , like motors no running you can think about solution to solve it and be sucess like check the breaker , test the current before the motor or some others .

Sometimes is mixed the ideas and concepts get students to facts , and otherwise some facts , let students to get ideas and concepts .
But second I have to disagree because when a student gets facts and learns from it , this knowledge let undertand what happen and can change the behavior of certainly act or activities , p.e. if you know that when you laugh in class disturb the class and the teacher is not feeling good with that behavior , and you are going to get your scores based on knowledge but also on certain appreciation of the teacher , you can modify it and do not laugh in so the teacher will be feel better with your presence and will be take it in consideration before put your scores .

So this is a contradictory statement because for students both things are important to understand ideas and concepts in one hand but in the other to learn facts , and aplying all of this can get sucessfully .
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities .
There are many agreements and disagreements with this statement .

Firstly , to agree with this statement , young people do not have time because they have their families to take care than the whole communities together .
Then , some of the young people do not know how to plan to help their communities .
Or maybe , some young people do not have enough money so this may affect time consuming .
So we may agree to thsi statement .

Secondly , to disagree with this statement , there are most people who have enough time to help .
Those people may create a group of people voluntered to do this job .
We call these kind of group of people '' an association '' .
This association do not make profit but they provide services .

In conclusion , I would rather disagree with this statement because I know that there are young people who have enough time to help .
Ii do n't agree with the following .
Is very difficult , in my opinion , think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
First of all we have to consider that there are a lot of Countries that are in expansion , Countries like China , India , Brasil .
In this place there is an economic boom that in my opinion will increase a lot the car 's production .
If we consider that in this countries live 1/3 of the world ' s populations , it 's simple to think that the use of cars can only increase .

Another reason cause i do n't agree is that we , and when i say '' we '' i consider the '' rich '' world , do n't want to use a different way to move or different solutions instead car .

In my own opinion is possible that in twenty years we can find a solutions for the pollution using elettric cars or another ki
I agree that this statement .
first of all , young people can travel anwhere without concerns .
of course older people also can do .
because of limitation of ages , it is difficult for older people to go to trip .
but young people have a lot of time to enjoy life .
for example I have been to around europe when I was middle school .
having a only back , a little of money .
That was amazing .
actually that was so unstable trip .
so this reason is that only young people can do .
there is something exciting to do for young people .
sporting events to watch , many concerts to attend , exhibitions to see for these thing , older people is so hard to experience it .

second , young people can enjoy party and extrem practice .
nowadays there are lots of party .
almost partys are should be all night long .
likewise practice too .
for example go to ski , go to snow board .
Trevel in a group led by s tour guide that is the one of the best way .
Tour guide is very good treveling to give us .
The best way to trevel is in a group led by a tour guide .

First , specific reasons to travel is a group led by a tour guride that we are not alone to travel .
When is a sight special thing , we are not alone .
When we also play the picture that we are to trevel is in a led by tour guride .
Second , Group travel with gurid made made new relationship in the group when we travel alone .
sometime it is very lonely and miss people and friend .
Therefore a group led by a tour guide is very important to travel
I disagee , for me the best way to travel is by your slef .
Becose traveling in a group leded by a tour guide il not comfurmtabeul , and he will take you to the most touristique place , the most expensive pleases .

If you go allowne you will be abule to see the real parte of the cultur and the rieal peapul .
For exampeul , if you go to India with a guide he or she , will chow you the monumunt 's but not the villigis ...

You will not be aibul to teaste every thing becose thay will teal you that you will be sick ...
But if you go allowne you can take your time in the stors and in the monumints ...

If you go allowne you can talk to how you want ...
you can give monny to the needy , but if you go wiyh a guide he ou she , will teal you not to give them anny thing .

Som peapl licke to be allowne .
In a bus you ar not allowne and there are smells , a chidran crining ...
Wen you go by your self , you are more relaxte then in a bus ...

A guide will teal you to harry up and teak photos , but you are on a oliday , and you wante to take your time rith ?

If you go by your sel with just a travel bag you will meak meny contaks , riche and poueur peapel ...
you will lurne muche more by going by your self .
The poueur peapeul will com and beg more wen they see a goupe of with peapel then wen they see juste own .

So that is wy I disagee with the facte of traveling in a group leded by a guide .
That 's a comlex question to answer .
Mant peoplle believe that the young enjoy their life more than older people do .
They have so many reasons and examples to say this .
Such as young people have less experiences of the society and world surrounding them , to them .
everything to them seem to be a new challenge , that will arouse big interesting of them on these new chanllenge , they will ask so many `` what '' and `` why '' , and they will try their best to discover these `` what '' and `` why '' without considering it 's safe or danger , good or bad .
They just enjoy the progress they made through the discovering the new things .
Further more , young people have more time and energy doing a thing than older peopole do , they do not afraid of failer and danger , they think they can conquer all the difficulties they faced and finally get to success .
To the older people , it 's totally different .
older people have experienced so much , and many thing to them seems like nothing but repeat , they have no couriosities on what they meet and hear , they think that everything routine .
What they do everyday is just a routine , everything happend on everyday is like yestoday , it 's boring , .
So they will not enjoy it .

I agree with the first opinon
I agree with the statement in which it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
There is several reasons why I think so .
First , if you have broad knowleadge of many kinds of academic subjects , you can communicate with many kinds of people .
In other words , you can talk with a person who are studying international politics and economics and laws if you have any knowledge .
In opposite side , if you have only knowledge of laws , you ca n't talk with a person learning about economics .

Second , by gaining widespread knowledge , you can be interested in various subjects .
I think that 's so nice .
If you have interest in various subjects , then you will have more ways you can choose in your life than a person who has interest in only one thing .

Finally , we should get as much knowleadge as possible while we are living .
I think knowing is growing , so we can grow until die .
Yes , I do agree with this state ment .
because if we have group , we can help each other , and we will have great time and more easy way to travel .
and the reason to have tourguide is the tour guide knows , how to travel and what place is more nice and safety ...
exemple .
What will happen if we lost our way ?????
ofcourse the guide will help .
and what will happen if one of our member is sick ??
ofcurse the guide will bring him to the doctor ...
That is why i like this statement .

THANK YOU ^ ^
Yes , I agree to try anew things but take the rick on my attionation .
Imagine a person in annual vacation in Rome and waking up at 7 o'clock in the morning .
This is what happen when the person travels with groups and usually the groups are more funny but they are much less comfortable because they visited less places , tight the person to a committment .

The groups usually visited less places eventhough they usually know more places but because there is a large number in groups and to manage them and take them in a tour or to guide it demands such a great effort .
But when the person is alone , he can goes indivisually , smoothly and simply from Point A to Point B andcan manage him self to visit where ever he want because the indivisual can tell if he got enough energy for a long tour among the old city or better for him to stay in the pool area relaxing , drinking and taning .

And also the groups always tight the tourist into a restrict scedule and committment .
When he sometimes the tourist is tired or out of his energy do n't ever try to miss the tour because it 's simply not repeated .
And for indivisuals it 's always a matter of mood .

finally it 's quite a difference between indivisuals and groups but i highly recommended for tourists to travel as indivisuals and enjoy the real tours and cruises .
yes i do agree that broad knowlege is better then a specific subject at times > if a person is taught just one subject they will be ignorednt is the rest of the things in the world causing misunderstanding cultures or religions which will rlead to woar and the end of the human rasise
The statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' means , if you do n't understand or not completly know about something , then it ask someone who is expert .

There is famous phrase in Corea ( Korea ) , `` if you a new student in the school , then you may go to see your senior . ''
This sentence mean , you have to get a help from older than if you do n't know how to solve the problem or new .
Cause someone who older than you is have a more information than you .

The most popular author , name Steve King is known for the horror story .
But there are some reason which he can write a story horribly .
When he cannot can a idea of muder or event of killing people , then he see a movie which popular for horror .
Therefore , his story made by not just his own idea .

In my case , I was really bad at Biology .
But I 'm good at Global Histoy .
And my best friend , name james is good at Biology but not Glabal History .
He and I are good pal but we do n't want to get a lower score than each other .
Usually , we study the assignment alone .
But we think we need a help to each other when we got a grade report .
I was surprise how can grade can diffrenet like this .
Thus , we begin to share a information and ask own 's weaker subject .
After this events , we can get a godd grade in quizs , and exams .

Everyone has own ability .
But they cannot has everything .
Thus , we have to share what we do n't understand properly .
Do you think it is ashame thing to ask some problem to other friends or people ?
Then you have to think your mothers face .
Do you think your mother going to faced in compassion when you get F grade in you test ?
Absolutely not !
Do not ashame to ask other people .
Think about you learn and get a develope your own .
I agree that most products may be shown better than real by advertisement .
People cannot know about a product before using .
Advertisemet is used to inform the products to costumer .
The reason to be made better is that advertisement not olny presents useful and discriminated information but also makes to fantastic feature the products .

Firstly , advertisement has a goal to promote about the products .
most companies invest a great deal of money for advertisement to sell their prouct in every year .
If the advertisement might not useful to sell the product , the company would n't pay the money for advertisement .
Because of those reason , advertisement may effort to supply the strengthen of the products .
For example , I had worked a company in my country , my company had advertised about our products on TV , radio , and newspaper .
However , In the advertisement , the defection was not informed .

Furthermore , in the advertisement , most products looks like more visible than real aspects .
there are a lot of techniques In advertisement .
The skills are used to appeal to the costumer such as beautiful , fantastic , and strong .
For example , although the car looks like a rocketin a car advertisement , that is not real .
However , the product in the advertisement has a fantastical feature .

As I mentioned obove , the advertisement make a produt much better than real product because the perpose is to sell the product , and to sell is impr
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because the people must to sell their products .
So the neccesity to enter and modify the client mind makes that the seller advertisements be fabuolous .

And example is the paid TV programs where only the good things the product are show .
This advertisements are in complete story that left you few time for concentrate in just the product .
The problem is that the information is ump

In the newspapers is more difficult to make products seen much better than they really are , but with a photograph of a dark shine long hair , you can suggest the people for buying a certain shampoo that probbably was not the one used for the hair in the advertisement .

I do not have a really bad experience with the advertisements of products but this is because I do not pay more attention in they .
When I buy something , I make comparations bettwen all the products that offer me the same results .
I observe price , place of manufacturing and in the end the results .
So I choose
I agree that most advertisements make goods seem much better than they really are .
Advertisements are important .
However , the davertisement can be make products useless because people is able to misunderstand on advertisement .

First , most advertisement purpose to sell the products .
so , many company always think about customer and customing how much goods can be sole out to a lot of people .
For example , if people or consumer are watching advertisements on TV or magazine , people feel attracting the product because purpose ofcompany owner or advertisements owner sell much better than they relly making a lot of products .
Morover , if a lot of people do n't watching advertisement on TV or magazine , many people do not buy products .

Second , most advertisement make to competition many people .
For instance , if someone buy a car , someone say other people or other people ask for someone where the car is buying .
Sometimes , Buyer told other people that i wish to buy a car because i watching Tv .
He will proud his car because advertisement said about car is wonderful .

conclusiony , i agree that most advertisement make products seem much better than they .
Some people think young people more enjoy life .
Others think old people enjoy life beter .
in my opinion , I think that older people enjoy their life even better .
They seem to know how to enjoy their life more significantly .
This essay will discuss the resaons why I hold my opinion in futher detail .

Frist , why I think that old people enjoy their life more is they can enjoy their life without rely on instruments .
For example , in korea , when it comes new year many relertive gather in grand father 's house .
At that time , young people include me feel very uncomfortable and bored beacuse there is nothing to enjoy such as computer games , TV ( usually non - cabled ) , videos , or any entertaining instruments .
however , old people have such a great time .
talking to each others or do a traditional game ( it dose not need any instruments ) or take a walk and so on .
therefore I believe that old people enjoy their life more .

second , why I think that old people enjoy their life more is they know from their experience what is really important fators of enjoying life .
that means they know enjoy life from wasting time .
some young people can distingush that fact early s
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , personally I agree with this statement .
why I agree with it ?
nowaday yong people are not giving enough time to help their communities and I have three reasons how and why they do n't help it .
first reason is that young people are interested to them studies and them target is to get just like diplomat or master , something related to a high education , then they will have a large time to help them communities on a good way for instance they will be able to help it by building malls clubes or develope the rail road ant highways .

second resons is that young people do n't have them own money to help the communities , they still young and ca n't have a part time job because we do n't have it in morocco .
equally important is that the have only two free days whiche are week end , for this purpuse they need these days to have fun and break .

finally when young people graduate from university the do n't find job opportunity so they ca n't give enough time to help their communities because the need to help them selves first then communities .

in my opinion
This statement which is about traveling in group led a tour guide has alot of opinions .
Some people prefer to not have a tour guide but also other people like to be eeith a tour giude .
Both of them they have diffrent reasons and its complicated when you want to compare between them .
I think or agree that if i traveled with groupe led i prefer not have a tour guide for two reasons .
First you will be controling by the time and secound you will be in pressure if you have a tour guide .

The tour guide will let you fowling the plans and and it will let youy controled your time and you have to do the plans .
Mabye one day you have a diffrent plans or you disscovered a new place and you hav n't saw all the acctivity and you liked this place and you want to go again but , you ca n't becasuse of the tour guide and you have to meet all your group with him .
So that will cause you to ignore you disire ans go with the tour guide .

With the tour guide all member in the group will be in presseure because of the controling of the tour guide .
With the tour giude you ca n't do something that you want to do it becuse of the tour guide and you eill fell like you are in pressure .
With the tour guide you will feel like you are in prussere in all the tripe even you are in an excited place and you like it and you want to spend more time in this place but , you have to be carefull on that because of time and you have to recpectthe time so you ca n't waest the other or the tour guide time .
Indeed the tour guide will let you feel in pressure all the tripe .

These two important reasons are the most mentions with alot of people when they decided to travel every where .
So i think that the best way its not have a tour guide when you want to travel so , I dissagree with the statement about the traving with a tour guide and its better to you to travel without a tour giude .
Some people have the idea that the social works are bored and annoying and for this stupid idea that the young people are not encourage to spend time in this mode .

The most part of social worker are voulenteers and spend the ours free time to helping other person in economics or social problems .
Is a good thing to do beacuse before do that we ca n't immaginate how much is important for the society this kind of job .

The young people see very far away this problem , like ca n't move or ca n't reach the post office , beacuse in this life moment they see more attractive the disco or go to the pub every night .

I have many friends that partecipate to a helping communites and do n't spend so much time in this like bring dinner for homeless or prepare stuff for the african problem communities .

Luckly in the early years the idea is changed and more young people prefer to spend a little bit of their time in social work .
Specially before the italian governament as instuited the `` civil service '' that provide to bring them into a social circle to help the communities than have few person .

I dont think that all the people want to helping their communities but in some case there are a experience , sometime sadly sometimes funnyest but in all the case really helpfull .

The most important work in this problem is do by the television and mass media than must bring at light this problem and encourage the young people to spend more time to help and less time to play , without compromise the career study , if they have one .
As the technology kepp developing , now days , people watching television a lot .
In the television , they are able to get some information .
Many women watching shopping chennel .
However , the company , they advertised their products seem the way better than what it really does .

Normally , women are go to shoppingor watching somthing kind of shopping chennel .
Therefore they buy many things from shopping chennel .
But they usually get disappoint , becuase the product was not good engough as from advertisement .
In additionaly , consequently , they call to the company to pay back .

It is the one of way to they ( company ) sell their products .
They make advertisements that make products seem much better .
Also I 'd experience this .
About 6 years ago , in television , it advertised a thing that is able to clean up dirty things on shirt .
My mom thought that is remarkable idea , so she bought it .
Consequently , she disappointed that product .
It did n't work as it does from an advertisement .

My father is a professor in university and majored ` Department of Communication ' or something related to advertisement .
I ask my father that `` why they ( company ) are making an advertisement that make their products seem like good ? ''
He said that is the one of the ways to they sell it , to make benefits for them .

Also there are many things that are working , but mostly , the products are not workig good enoguth than what it showed from an advertisement .
Thats a really really good subject , but acctully i have to say that i agree with specializing in one thing , Beacuse if some one did then when he well give 100 % to making his catagory the best and making his job the best .
Like if we had a cardiac doctor if you asked him he well tell you that he is trying to be the best and to invent a new methods to fix the heart .
so , At the end of the road if he was ambesiuos he can do it .
all am saying that its better to specialize in on subject .
one , its better to improve that subject .
two , it well be better for him not to be puzzled .
and three , it well make him the best in that subject .
however , i think the its good to have a broad knowledge but while foucsing on one major .
like some one is an engeneering but at the same time he can creat other bussnis away from his major , like he could work at the stocks or open a store to sell any thing .
but , there is some thing verey importanat .
that this other work well not effect his major work beacuse in this way he will be a loser in both subjects .
anyway my point is that both of them is good .
but , for some people that is good for others the other one is better .
and as the old sayin `` defers in opinun will not destroy the case '' .but i said mine and thank you for this verey good subject and thatsall i have to say .
I do n't think young people enoy life than older people do .
It seem to be so , because younger people are energic and spirited than elder people , and the ranges of action they can do are wider than elder .
That 's why elder people say `` the yourth enjoy their lif than us . ''

However , I doubt young people is more enjoyed their life than elder people ?
The first reason is that the the yourth impossible to escape from comming across the lot of ploblems .
The ploblems are may be about friends , parents , future , and oneselfs .
They do n't know how to handle them .

They have to think over about ploblems , and expelience difficult situtation , and spend hardtime .
And then , they finaly find the way of solution by oneself .
This process need for growing to adult .
And then , when they mature enough , they finally know how to enjoy the life accutually .
Sometimes , the yourth enjoying themselves mean ecaping from uneasy .
So it 's not real enjoy .
Just discourse .

And there is also money aspect .
For exsample , I love music very much , and also desire to go the gig of the favorite artists .
However when I was high school student , i never go the gig , just because Id did n't have enough money .
But after entering University , I started to work as a ppirt time , and finaly could go the gig .
That was wonderful expeliene .
But still now , the times I could go the gig is limited .
Because the capital is shortage .
My friend who is already work as full-part time can go the gig whenever she wants .

So thaI think elder people well know the solution way of difficults they encounter by expelience and have well finance .
So , they afford to enjoy their life than the yourth .
As per my point of view its very difficult to say that Successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they alredy know how to do well .
But , yes I can explain in a proper manner that why it is difficult to say anything .

According to the above given part of the statement I must say that it totally depends on the nature , thinking , experience .
So , now whatever the term I am using it that is a standard term through which you can scrutinize the following things of an individual person .

Lets start with a nature of a person and for this we can take an example like .
Suppose you are a marketing manager of a company and there are 40 pepole under your observance and as we know that its a cut throat competition , and moreover , you have an immediate boss , to whom you report everyday .
Now , the question arise if your nature is to make out the work in a abrasive manner from your employees , because you know that you have a big resposibilty to make your business at the top level then you ca n't even do that as per the current scenario .
What you can do you should try to sit with your employees to feel them that they have not come here to work only in fact , they are the part of the family .

Second , if we talk about thinking then we can say it is bit similar with a nature part to some extent .
The way you think it really matter not only as a marketing manager , apparently , to see the propectus for employees also .

Now , we come to the last part that is an experience of a person , as we know that `` practise makes a man perfect '' the same rule implies here , because if a person has a lot of experience in a particular field then obviously he would not hesitate to take any type of risk in our future , because he knows very well that if something happens wrong then he knows to handle it and to just modify or rectify an error so that he will not face dilemma on his way .

At last , I would like to say only few things or to conclude the whole part that `` Successful pepole try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' yes some peploe do this or some may be not .
But , if yes if I would be on that position I 'll do take a risk and even we should take it because no one can survive or can stick with one position ...
Make your life happy or enjoyful we should take risk , because it a part of life without risk I do n't think so life has such a meaning .
I think that young people would enjoy more than old .
I didnot want to stick upon it .
older people are once young only , so they have enoy their teenage life .
young ones have no responsibility about the family .
they will have no tensions .

older ones have family tensions and they are now aged , so they donot have that zeal anymore .
For young ones they will try to do everything new and which is intersting .
The examples for such situations are they just take part in rock climbing and they participitate on having a roadies show .
They are many things student or young ones perform in day to day life .
Enjoying life does seem to participitate in cultural activities .
some may prefer having as many as girlfriends as a meaningful one to their position etc .
The older ones will get so much tired and they probably have several health problems .
Taking guidance to their children about stiudies and different persecptives of them and to look about their health .
They probably will have no time in doing other activites othe than these which are enjoyable .

young ones have no certain problems in it .
But they have to study as well as enjoying .
The family responsibilities would depend on him so much .
BY experience I noticed t older ones also enjoy , but to a little extent rather than young ones .
I disagree with the statement .
Because the number of popullation is increasing in the world and it respect to increase more .
Now , car 's consume is not raised in envioment country but in development one .
i agree as agroup .
naw then group hilp for mney resin the ferst wan its for fan to yuo and for tham and to have aseve trab like if awomen travel bay acar at the rod alon she wal be scerd and she well be aesey targt to ageng nat gast the wmen any wan travel alon in the rod he will be aese tagt bat of he had in the car three pepol or more he will be save and he will have ahelp of he need like an exstra driver and the guid that to be out off trabels or tomike the best dsegen to them becose the guide mast be shsen bay every wan to be like afoot boll tame ther is acotsh how bot evere one in a good blis and to do wat he want to do becose he see the plires in adefrant ways like same wane kik the boll and the gool keebr and the defans and the anthr exsambel acanitre you mast have abrsdent or the cantre be in aware and you dont want thes habnd the trivel and the group they mast to have alidar like a cantre or they will be in awar btwen tham they will see goo to the betsh and anther wan will sed i want to go to the muol and the war will started of the guide ther he will make the brfict soloshn to tham .
Advertisement in this age of technology became more important for any product .
Personally i agree with this statement .
I am going in this essay to how i am extend agree .

first , Ibeleive that the advertisement make products much better , because when the people sea the products on the telivision or news paper they will go and buy it .
in other words , the people know more about the product .
Also it will be rise in the sales .
Thus , some product s they not very well and it is bad
Young people enjoy life more than older people do because they building the life .
Succesful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

In first I think who it ' s very important to take risks or try new things because the innovation it is the best quallity for pass in the life .
For example if I open a restaurant i would like who he is different of others restaurants .
it is very important who are difference between my restaurant and the others .
The most quality of one cretors it is a innovation .

In second it ' s true who take risks and try new things it 's not a good idea because it is very dangerous .
If I open a restaurant with a new concept it 's not mentionned that I will have a good results at the begining .
It is a risk : we take it or we not take it .

I understand that people try new things and take risks but I think who it is very dangerous but we must try or take risks for pass in the life .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I will explain why I think so in following passages .
First , advertisers think what to do to sell more products everytime .
Advertisements are one of the way to sell products .
When the advertisers make advertisements , which advertisement is able to attract harts of consumuer products seem very good or not so much ?
Exactly prior one is able to get harts of the consumer .

Second , consumer might hesitate to buy products if the products seem worse than advertisements which they saw .
But first of all , advertisers have to meke consumer feel to buy products .
If the consumer do n't think to buy the products , they wo n't buy anything abslutoly .
Also , if advertisements are not able to attract consumer 's hart , the consumer wo n't think to buy products on the advertisements .
So advertisers have to attract the hart of the consumer first of all .

In conclution , advertisers want to sell much more products .
To do so , they have to attract harts of consumer .
It is needed by advertisers to make products seem much better than they really are on advertisements .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Knowladge is eveything

I agree with this view .
This view is it is better to have broad knowladge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are very unknow events in the world .
It is believed that whatever scientist can find them .
Govermants are always support them .
Because if they find a solution for unknow events , humans will be well day by day .

For instance , one of the most unknow events is space .
We still do n't know aliens to be or not to be in our solar system .
Altough a lot of people such as scientist or resarchers try to find a solution for it , they can not a solution for it yet .
Also , the people who are scientist try to find a new energy source without petrol or electiric .
They found h2 for cars or bus .
Cars or bus work well without petrol owing to h2 .
in my opinion , one of the most important invention is that .
In this way , envoriment is protected by people because h2 is n't harmful for nature .

All in all , thera are a lot of unknow events in the world .
Scientist have to find a solution for them .
If scientists or resarchers find something like a treatment for cancer or fliying car , people will be more healthy and people live easily .
There are many people that think that in better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , as the teacher , while other person think that is better to specialize in one specific subject .
It is most important have the knowledge relative at the world in wich it works .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects it can be to have an complite and clear point of view about this subjects .
With the broad knowledge it can have most global culture than specific knowledge .
In the academic or university universe in better to have specialize knowledge in one specific subject .
In fact in this universe is most important the reserch .
This activity in based on the specific subject and the broad knowledge can be less specific .

According with my personal opinion is better to have specialize knowledge in one specific subject , that is the subject with it works , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

Many people think that it is not true .
In fact something is necessary to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects such as in the test to be admissed in a office ore other post of work .
I am a student so i prefer have specialize knowledge im my specific enginearing world .
In fact most Teacher of my University tell that during the study we should prefer the specific knowledge and often , in the working world , we can broad our knowledge .
Some people say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I disagree with them and think that the communities are the ones who do not helping young people Because thier are no jobs and thier is lotes of stress and persure on them .

If you dont offer me a job who can I help you .
Ther are lotes of young people who could not find a job and they try so hard to find one but they could not .
If they had the oppertonty they would be great workers and help thier communities .

The communities are making lotes of stress on the young people .
From the school and the exames to the colleg and more exames and after that hard work he can not find a job and ther is taxes and the belles and the food and the loundry and lotes of stressful thing and they expect him to do more and more .

In a conclusion I want to say that communities say that young people do not help them .
I say that communities should help people and create more jobs .
In twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today .
that was in my openian .
I have some reasens for that .

The first reason , before more than twenty years ago there are cars and dont find other to transfer our from one place to other in the same city .
So the cars become mare and more from the bast .

In fact , there are other equpmet to transfer our from one plase to other in other city , for example there are trains , planes and subways , that was faster from cars but still the cars are the importnat .

In other hand to supose my openion the goverment make more fasilities for the rode and more safety , for exampel , I prefer the travel by car because it is com fortable for me , i can find the resturants in the rode and rest areas .
so i stop to take relax in the time that i feel tired , but when i travel on the plane or tain i can not stop to take relax .
There are othor reason , when i travel by car i see the diferent viwes and i learn my children about it , and we can viset more cities on the rode before i reach the place that i want .

In sumary the cars are the most spesilaties for the families , we can not fewer cars untile find the other have all advantages .
many people think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specializw in one specific subject while other people do n't .
i 'm one of the people who prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
i have two reasons for that .

first , studying many academic subjects is better , because learning more subjects make your knowledge biger .
for example if you were talking with your friends you can understan what they are talking about .

also , studying many academic subjects it takes all your time .
if you are studying many subjects then you will not get bored .
for example , one day i took an english lesson for five hours , so i got bored .

studying many academic subjects will give u more knowledge and it is going to west your time in an important things .
Today many people have a car and many are planning to have one .
The number of cars in traffic is increasing and it will be more than today in future .

Technology s developng increasingly .
With technology in future it will be possible to produce cars cheaper than today .
Regardless their economical situation , many people can buy a one .
The future cars will work with more cheaper fuels or with rechargable batteries which will be more cheaper than today 's oil fuels
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do for these reasons : young people have alot of power which life needs , yonge people have alot of time for enjoy in this life and older people have alot of problems that make him not enjoy in their lifes .

First , young people have alot of power in this time .
Young people have a good health , a good and nice body and more they are more active .
Ali can to go to Desney town and play there most dangeras games , but his grandfather can not .

Second , Younge people have alot of time .
They do not have alot of responsility like childrern and busness .
Researches say that more than 50 % of young time is for enjoying , but the olders have less 20 % of their time for enjoy .

Finally , old people have alot of problems that make him not enjoy in thier lifes .
Old people have alot of disease and children that make there lifes not intersting .

In conclusion , the best time for the human is when he is young .
Young can do every things .
Although we can not stop the time , we should enjoy in every minut in the young time .
I agree with it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
First , I get broad knowledge from many academic subjects .
I can get many topics and examples from there .
It makes me improve more broad knowledge .
Second , I can choose topic and I have more chance , because it has many academic subjects .
if I have to specialize in one specific subject , it make me more difficult to choose subject .

So , I agree with broad knowledge of many academic subjcts .
It is easy .
In conclusions , I agree broad knowledge of many academic subjects better than to specialize in one specific subject .
you must think about that .
You choose just one specific subject .
It make you more confuzing and difficult .
Also , I can try leaning broad knowledge of many academic subjects to my study .
It make me more complax my knowledge .
You should try to that .
I agree with this statement , students must more understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
One moment can amphasize my agreement , evry time teatchers are asqued their students if they understand and if they having questions .
Question like this was asked and will be asked by teachers to know if students understand leaning material .

By understandng ideas and concepts students can use these knowledge more productively .
It 's give possibility to apply ideas and concepts in another domain .
Only if the students understand ideas an concepts , they will be able keep them for a long time in their life and transmit them so clairly .
For example seriouly undestanding basis of physic may be applyed to build roads in thery bad geological conditions .
We know that knowledge of physic permit mankind to fly to cosmos .

Contrariwise , leaning facts can help some times but no so effectivly like understanding ideas an concepts .
Here , it difficult to use learning facts .
Because here information seems superficially to be applyed in a given domain .

Therefore , the very important attention may be done in the understandind of ideas and concepts than in learning facts .
It must be a credo of teatching .
And this approch will be transmitted from generation to generation of teatchers .
Only like that thde teaching will stay an art .
Did you understang everytime your learend everything ?
This subjet is It is more important for students to understang ideas and concepts than it is for learn facts .
In my opnion I prefer important for students to understang ideas and concepts .

First , do n't worry by not your understanging fot study and understanding .
every eachother have each opnion and think so we can not contorl their think and understanding , so we need to say our opnion and we need to know why ?
and how ?
and understanding .

Second , we are different , every pepole is different , for example color , language , culture and custom so we ca n't understanding , i have experience , wheh i was came to first visit USA , i do n't know everything , and than i think if i eat good food and i give some food for my friend .
i think he like this one , but suddenly hi throwout everything .
so i 'm very surprise .
and then he said me our country can not eat pork , i really mistake .
so i understanding everyboby is different , and everytime nerver forget and think .

Futhermore , thinks and behavior , and ues .
If you learend something you can use good work , but you can also ues very bad work .
for emample , someone theated something , but you can understanding different or mistake , you can use tealent for your bad way .
this is very bad and sad .
so we need to know good understanding .
and thinking about possitive way .
We live in a world where the computer are on the center of our life .
And when the kids comme back to the homme after the school they do not think too , they play videogame or watch television .

It is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is them to learn facts ?

Student need to learn every body need to learn but it is not always good to learn without understand what we learn it is like a computer who do what we say to do .
it can think

Student are not like a computer or a machin they are allways , and befor to be a student a Men .
Student can not learn without understand .
they need to understand ideas for creat or for do something new .

that is why a agree with this statement because , the world and the society need to have Men who can think and creat the new project who can discover and construct a better life for tomorow .
For that , student need to understand ideas and concept
In my opinions , to have board knowledge of many academic subjedts is better than to specialize in one specific subject .

First of all , recently sociaty wants persons who have variety ability .
for example , when many company elect people , consider leadership , another contry languge ability .

there are one example that my friend major is sound engineering .
he have struggled it .
He spend all time listen to music works hard .
I tortally agree about this issue .
In these days , The youth are extremly busy .
I mean they have no spare time to help their communities .
The society wants that young people become a perfect person .
Nowadays the rate of jobless people is more and more increasing , Moreover it .
spreads wide that the entrance exam to college is most important in one 's life .
Because of this situation , schools and their parents require them just ` Studying ' .

This is a middle-school student 's time table .
She wakes up at 7 AM and then goes to school .
After the class ' over at 4 or 5 PM , they goes to institute learning math , english , even chinese every day .
They are always stressed out for their life without a chance to do something .
So the reason is why they can not have time to help their communities if they wants .
I would say I gree .
Because life is yours .
and who can be make your life ?
Depends on having fun life or not is your choice .
no one cant decided .
and you cant say that if you had bad life in the young time and you will get a great life after getting order. a life make it your owan had and your actions .
if older people saying that young people enjoying their life that them and comlain about that means they ( older people ) couldnt make their life fun .
if they had been could , they didnt .
they didnt have a guts and braive to do it .
and , for those older people to enjoying life not too late .
dump the jerousy to the young people , and get your own life .

when old people were young maybe they had soo much fun to satisfy their soul .
and if there were not all enjoying , means if you try something that you interented and you make mistake , you will be learn something from it .
there is nothing worthless .
so you can have a lots of fun and what ever if its good or bad , it helos you to grown up when you get older you will be a better life with tons of great eperiences .

A life is short .
to spending woth time and somethig that you really want to do , you shouldnt put them off .
take a chance and make an action .
you shouldnt regrets .
So , I think that young perople can having fun life more than older people .
I think that to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in only one specific subject , and I have three reason for this conclusion .
First , let 's think about one situation , there were one univ-educateted student and he would work at a conpany , then if he learned many subjects , I think that he could get many types of works and he could show his all abilities .
In this case , if he learned only one specific subject , I think that he might do good works , but he could get only one type of work and he could n't show his all abilities .
This is mainly reason that I think it .

Second , I think that large studies might lead the person to a big heart .
If you learnd many academic subjects , you might have a big heart enogh to get the subjects .
For example , some learnd economics and politics at an university and the other leaned only economics at the same university .
The former has a kowledge about politics whether it is deep or sarrow and the latter has no knowledge
In facti agree with both of the statements , because i think that it 's an two adges statments .
In my oppenion i see that it important to make a relationship between understanding ideas and concepts with learning facts , because by understanding ideas and concepts , the idea will take an uneraseable part in the student mind so i think it an ecellent way to let the idea on mind , morover if ou add facts to the ideas , the ideas will have a stronger maening and impact ; example ; if the taecher gave the student an idea for example about wars and poletical broplems and add to this ideas some picture from the real world or facts and articals , the students will more able to understand the idea in the right way , and by this way they will have the opportunity to undrestand ideas and concepts also to learn facts .
To make advertising is for increasing sell the product .
I know the purpose to make the advertising .
Howevery , there are many disadventage to buy some product from just watching the advertising .
I bought some clothes in the internet shopping mall .
Thase are so pretty when I see the clothes on the monitor , but i disapointed the real product , color is different from the monitoer. , and when I saw the clothes , it looked very sleem .
Anyway , I do n't believe any advertising any more .

I can examplify some unbeievable reasons .
They sometimes said not real fuctions .
For example , there is a advertising on TV that hires very famous an beliverable persons , such as movie stars , sports men or scientist .
We can believe that the person tell anything , whether they say the ture or not .
The belife does n't come from the function or effection of the product , but from he believerable person .
It is just trick .
If someone the watch a advertising about car on the TV , and engeenior says that the car can safe your life and give a exeriment in the advertising .
We can beleived his speaking .

Some diet drugs , they show the ficture about before and after .
and hire nutrieceion .
Another example , they sometimes use the exaggeration in the advertising .
There are a car that is showing faster than the airplain according the computer graphic .
We can realize that it is not true , but sometimes we believe the fact that the car is fastest car in the world , because no one compares to the arirplaon before .

So , I agree this sencence , It is the reason to make the advertising .
We should have the ability do distingush between the fact and the exaggeration for exceed selling rate , increasingly .
I think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are many important motives to support my personal idea .

First , a broad knowledge of many academic subjesct is important to introduce a person in the work enviroment terminate the university study , because that garanted many possibility that one that have specialize in one specific subject .

Second , a knowledge of many subjects garanted to have a good culture preparation and is a satisfaction for myself and is important in everyday life .
I have allready frequented the university and I think that when I begin to work if I find a good job perhaps I have to specialize in one specific subject attend specific course after work or in the weekend , but at the moment I think that is better to have broad knowledge of more subjects as possible .
Now a days young people are noy give enough time to helping thir communities .
I agree with this statement .
becoze people are now living in high compitation world .
Thats why there is no time to give any help to thir communicates .

In this compitation world every young people try to get a possition in a society .
And is trying to reach teir goals .
For exampe in the case of education many people tried to provee what he is .
In this way they are trying maximam of 18-20 hours they have concentrated on their educaton .
In this time they do not think about their communities .
And in another way is they are increced thir selfishness along with growing compition world .
I meean that it is not good behaviour but we must do this and continue due to we are live in compitation world .

Souppose he interested on communities he will loose one step towards his goal .
I mean that every people is do not trying to proove them self due to their own problems .
For example the persons who roming on the road side are having no work but they do not try to do help the their communities .
Becoze of their lifes are omited towards the acheeverside .

I agree that the young people only are busy that they view on their side .
But it is very wrong thing that we are neglecting increcing of our Soceity towards growth .
It is very wrong thing that what the youth doing their own works .
But it is the only way to give up that person in the soceity .

Finally i agree that the above mention examples are shows that my oppenian on our comment .
I disagree that the many academic subjects to specializa in one specific subject .
All academy for me , have to speciaize in differents subjects , because for this form the people take many places to study differents specialize and in the future take a lot proffesionals person .

In the futures we need a profecionals persons , also we need a profesional doctors , loyers , all that the word needed .
Have you ever seen a movie that the cars ride not on the road , but in the sky ?
At least , most people have ever thought about the surprising situation .
I agree the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
That 's because science technology developes rapidly and the air pollution is a crucial problem .

First of all , science technology 's development is rapid .
Today people can send a e-mail to others who line in other country .
and they can go easily abroad in several times .
So in twenty years , there will be more transpotation .
then the use of cars is reduce .
In this s ense the neumber of cars is declined .

Next , the air polution is the main issue in terms of environment all over the world .
Each country tries to reduce harm material .
One solution is restriction that person do n't allow drive .
In Korea , new policy announce that a day of week do n't have to drive .
In case of my father do n't drive in friday .

In conclusion .
in twenty years there will be fewer cars , Due to technology and air pollution .
Nowadays the world more than around the sun turn around technology .
indeed in 2006 everybody have a cell phone or a computer at home sometimes they wears it on themselves .
We lives in a technology area and this evolution made some modifications such as social modification .
In fact the socialist talks about the progression of individualism .
Anybody live in his world in his matrice ..
because he does n't need others because if he wants talk he can do it on the tchat with the computer moreover he does n't need parents to do his homeworks because internet can help him better than his parents .

so everybody and in particularity the new generation lives in their world there are less contacts between peolple .
Therefore in addtion of the progression of individualism we guess thinks that there are less solidarities between people because individualism and solidarities are linked .
so to summarize this we can say that we lives in a individualistic-society .
Therefore can i think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities ?
yes i can , so i agree with the following statement , whatmore i feeling concerned by this because i 'm one of theses young people and i have conscience of this but how changed the new way
Like many others statements , there is n't an universal true .
It depends on many different things .
A person who has broad knowledge of a precific subject can became very good in this subjects and dedicates all his life to it .
But to know many subjects is more pratical .
For examples , I 'm very good in maths and in scientific subjects till I was very young and every professor said `` David is so good in maths : he must do scientific liceo `` and so I focused all my attention on this subject to increase my ability and I did also the national math olimpic with good results .
But now I have to pass this Toefl test and I understand that in the past i 'd study English better because now I 'm very good in scientific subjects , but if I do n't pass this exam , how can I finish University ?
It 's a big problem ...
Try new things is a natural conditions of the human been , this is the reason of the live and the goal to move the world .
We need be grateful with people whom doing possible the dream of fly , with the people who became the communications , the medical development , thanks to they , we can now have a more and better hopeless of live .

There are two facts that change the recent world history , the first one was The second war world , and the last is the internet .
About the last one is due to people that did no felt good about the situation , they decide take a risk , they dont be afraid with the cahnge , they improve the communications and the transfering of information , for these people and the nonstop develoment of the computers is possible doing almost anything that I can imagine .
Otherwise if the people do not be prepared to take at risk the human been is condenated to your end , almost all things will not be well forever .
So I am a person who wants take a risks forever , and I love the people that have the do that it .
I agree this statement .
There are three reasons for this .
First of all , the conversation in familly is declising .
Most of young people do not talk their happenning in a day , and they also do not ask their family , especially their parents , about their job or happennings .
This causes the problem that they cannot commmunicate each other , so young people are likely not to be interested in the nearest comunity .

Secondly , ` Mura Shakai ' disappead today in Japan . '
Mura Shakai ' is local town in Japan .
We had many relationship in our town and we everytime helped beween neighborhood .
However , young people do not even greet to neighbors in the morning .
Some young people may not know who is living in the next door .

Finally , but this is the most impotant , the comunicating skills of young people is going to bad .
Every young people tends to e-mail and mobile phone in communication so they have less oppotunities to talk with face to face than before .
Our foundation of communication is talking , but we ca n't .
In many of country the products seem much better than they really are , because the company need obtein the money who was used in the produccion of the product and obtein the ganance of their seld .

The cost the product is determined by the materials that was used in the build , of the instruments uses in the company .
other importan point that determined the real cost of the products is the pay of the people that working in the company .

In the past year , the cost of the national products has been incresing because they are compair whit the international products for example cars or dreess make in Asia when the material are more chip , for this reason a disagree with that the most prodcuts seem much better than they really are .
But the govermet have created the especif rules that premited decrease the diferents in the price of the international and national products
i think it depends on people but i disagree that understanding ideas and concepts more importand for student than learing facts .

i belived that there are some important points why to learn facts .
People encourage to learn facts because of interested in really and to learn easily factinal information .
For instance i would like to learn which tempertures does water boil or how electrity comes our home and how dishwasher does work ?
Moreover , i would like to learn basic maths to help my daily work .
Nowadays , young jenerations are very knowledge for evrything even children .
They watch tv , read newspaper and resarch what happening in the world in spite of ideas or cancepts .

In sort of information is teached people different way .
some student maybe can learn easly idaes and concepts rather than learning facts .
In my opinion which kind of necessary information we need , we can learn guickly .
So learning facts are important for me and i prefer to learn it .
In the begning i would like to draw attantion about the diffrence between knowledge and education .
All the time most of education is specialized in one or tow majors while knowledge can be in more major and you can get diffrent kind of knowledge throw riding to musc in different fildes .

When i look at this phrese in the left of the secreen i try carfyully to analyse this sentince with my point of veiw .
i found out that i agree & disagree in the same time .
becuse it is very important that we have some people specilize in some major such as doctors be dermatologist can not see or cure canser patient who havecancer from this example i come out with my agreeness and , when i look to the knolwdge side i find that the disagreement is also can be in this matter .

Some one will have to have the knowledge from differnt kind of acadmic sources in order to find sulotion for probelms .
We realy need both people to have knowledge in order to keep this knwledge contnuing for ever and we need people to do special studies to have more experince and to discover new thing with regardes to thoer specility .

Why do we need bothknweldge and specilatiez ?
we need the knowledge to storm our mind to feed our braine like the thursty desert needs the rain and we need specility so some one can do somthing acuret with an outstanding effort to came with good end like the bugs they can not make honey but the bees can do that so all we need her is knowledgew and spicalties to come togother .

I see that all humenbeen should gothered for the acadmic knwledge in order for this earth to beome more educated
`` TRY AND TRY UNTILL U SUCCED ''
____________________________________________________ -
i agree with the following state ment successful people try new thing and achieve better reults when compared to the people who always thinks the same results in the people who want to achieve success they may have suffered with many problems but they didnt for get about their goals .
IN their mind their will be certain ideas they will implent the ideas on their new tasks they will definately acquire good results ( success is the next step for failure ) in their minds always new thoughts and ideas will alway roll in their mind if a person wants to succed in life he should be dedicated toward 's his work he should be optimistic , his maturity also plays a vital role in his success .

success people if aproblem has arise in their task they also know how to over come the task they will develop a character that it will not be able to distinguish by the people who think same , success people are the people who dare to do everything even though if they are failure in their task they know how to overcome from the problem they ill again try for the same task success people are the people who invent the new things they all of a sudden not became success in their life they had gone several up and down in their life , they had spent many sleepless nights they had worked for the people they lets take example telephone is invented by alaxader graham bell if the telephoen is not invented how the communication is made possible ?
with the invention of telephone we can able to talk with the people who are staying in other country 's .

success full people in their mind their have only one word which roll 's around their tounge that is `` i can do it '' this word certainly make 's the different .
that 's why they can achieve better results when compared to the normal people who think 's the same they doesnt depend on their luck they depend only on their hard work they believe in hard work .
they do the work honestly and sinciarly and achieve good results with ths i conclude this essay .
At the beging alot of ad its bad or not thats good if i can say for example , there is alot of this ad about somthing bad like adrink or some caind of product actlly its that good as they minshin it and now the ad it in evry ware in street , computor , newspaper , tv , eaven in front of youre door and the probme it make you to go and by it you know some peple by any thing if it was good or not .
Also the chiled when he or she so smthing espislly if it was toy or candy they will by it quqlly or they wiil borrow you antel you will by it and we should take care in that .

Another thing its the advantage part like win a new compony start the first thing they well do it , is the ad to evry body now what is this compony and what is used for .
And of corce you know some peple get gob by ad in the internet or newspaper or street even on front of a store thats cained of ad is usefull for the cemunicaty .

And also the advertisments its grow with time gust think about it , it start with waht and look now , you know in the past the ad was transmitted between peple by talking and some of them well not get bequse if they ware a far away after that it cames better if there is an ad the well write it on wall or in places ware the pepol can see after that it came better the radio came after that the tv came then the faster thing untill now cam the computor and just see waht we are .
I dis gree with the statement .
Young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities .
some were else very lessly they wont do so .
i had a lots of experiences on this .
In our nature their are lots of communities the communities are arranging a lots of meetings in their and almost all young people are attendig them and some them are giving their own ideas to the communities which are very help full to them .

Firstly i would like to tell a community that are arranged in some urban areas the urban young peeople were helping alot to that community and that is some people are collecting a blood from the others and they are serving them to a bllod donation camps and hospitals and many others who are in need and these are doe under their likings they are not forcing them too .

secondly when there any accidents happend these young people serve alot to community by helping them in different ways by taking them to hospitals and getting to them and helping with money if they are poor and many alot like this i told u this because i look this happend in front of my eyes i too helped them in many ways became the part of this and i feel proud by doing this and makes me inspired alot and very much intrested being I am ayoung person and many youngsters are stepping infront for this sort helping their communities and others .

by these two we can conclude easily that young people work more in helping others and the communities in many ways to plessure they ment to keepb in enthusiasticaly .
So its clearly announces that clear explanation about this .
I DIS AGREE THE
Nowadays most students understand ideas and concepts but generally they do not know facts .
I think it can become a real problem .

As far as i am concerned i think that most students know ideas and concepts .
Indeed they are more taught in the universities .
I think they are the first point in a teachers lecture .
With this point students can understand facts .

However I think we shuold bear in mind facts .
They are important too .
For instance if all presidents or rulers knew the history of the world they could avoid doing the same mistake .
Wars are proof of this .

Moreover facts are also important on economic grounds .
For instance in order to make forecasts .
Indeed facts are always the same if we consider a long period .
But after a fact we have to analyse it with concepts .

On the other hand I think that students prefer learn facts .
It is more interessant because it is co

To conclude I think that the both are very important fot our futur .
It is a question with a real stake .
I think young pepple 's nowaday do not gove enought time to helping their communities .
I do not understanded word ` nowaday ' Young people are very active .
Their want more community .
But other communities not given more time .
their 's father and mother very busy .
I think means ` nowaday ' is young people 's hollyday do home work day .
Because I agreed this problem .
Young peple need more communities .
Example more TV programs for young people and more their 's place .
we are in the XXI century and now I must write about the most advertisements that make products seem much better than they rally are .
I agree whit this idea because often many products that the people watch on tv or see around them , do not appear what they really are .
In fact I thinck that the television introduces different ideas in the head of people .
For example some people buy only shoes or the dress or gadgets that are sign by important Many people do not know what is the true , because some products are good and have hight qualty .
We can value these products for the material they are build , for their aspect , for their end .

The apparence is most important but I thinck that is not the most important element of vatulation , but for many people it is the only element of confronte some objects .

This idea is rediculeus because the apparence is not all in the life of the people .
For example , I am an architect , when I make a proget for a house I thinck that this house must be confortable , beautiful , faschion , and help the people in the life .
It must be the hause of live not only a beautiful house .
By the way many people do not understand that a house or another kinds of products are good when each elements that compose the product must be in the sit good .
the advertisements tell how good are the things , they tell sometimes good things or bad but always tell sometime interesting some interesting because is like given you a warning for someting that cut be bad or good advertisements tell you a thion that may get your atention because you may get in trouble or someting good for you wen you give and advertisements about watherver like i have a dog in my house thaht can bite you if you get near ofd hin , he dont like no one bisys me im the onlee one that can toush the dog the advertisement is that dont touch the dog if you dont want to get biteng fron hin .

another way to make you an advertisement is to tell you to play the loto because there is an amount of mony that you can win and the advertisements is to play the loto because you can wijn a lot of mony ofg that in that way im telling you a bery good advertisement .
in other way another advertisement is to study for your cllas or for your test then you will have a bery good grades thats another goood advertisement that you can tell someone , that cain of advertisement dont heard you , sow you can see that not all the advertisement are for a bad thing .

advertisement is a way to tell what cut happent to you what you can dream whith , is the way to give you the oportunity to go on or stay ride therer , jest do what you need to do at the time to do it .

eventhou they dont give the time to do it you jest need to use you common sens and by your self you will know what to do at the time you needed .
Definitly I agree with Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , because they are the moldel to others to be in advance with the people who are common and tradisionlist .

People that no follow the rutine and take risks usually are successful , in a high scale and always are trying to go ahead of the rutine and the society that traditional or common people do .

People who take chances , have the vision to improve every day for them and indirectly for the people arround , for exemple people with vision are working for improve the systems on the jobs , or at least how improve the time in every aspects .

Successful people , always are ahead becoming in lider , that is why the presidents of the big companies , deans in the universities , politicians in our countries are succed .
they avoid the rutine of the common people .
the do investments not only economics , educationals , and that is they are succesful .

The people that follow what they only know , do n't take chances and their lives torn boaring without hope in the future , and this can be part of the consecuences in countries of the therd word do not proggres and during the time only follow what succesful people such as countries ahead improve it 's people .

I prefer successful people
i think it s also good for people who have been successful the will like to tryng new things and know more to continue been successful people whant learn to get level it s is important to take chance in what ever businesses you doing in life that s make you becaume a strong person in self positif of yourself it s very important to try always new things spacialy whyn your are in the business for example iam the image of chanel i always whant to do more than i already know i call that people who are ambtious and i always positif in everything and whant to be more successful in every way
Are you talking about just young people !
Do you think that oldest people are much helping than young people to their communities .
Is it a joke ?

Everyone thinks themselves in this world .
You could be young you could be old , it does not matter .
World has changed .
Unfortunatly this not the time of our grandfather 's .
Everyone has been trying to keep its own territory .
It could be popular in especially young people but its not their guity .
It is not a beginning of everything .
Young people are just a result of what happened before them .

So if you want to make them help to their communities why do n't you start from the top of the sociaties .
Someones should have to show them how they would be good young people for their communities .

I mean i am not agree with that foolish idea about young peoples .
If you want to decide somethings about a community you shouyld not separate the community .
Because the old people in the comminity did n't came from the space .
Once in a time they were young .
So it 's not releated to young people .
It 's related to our minds .
The question states that , thesedays , young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree with this statment .
Thesedays , i think because young people do not mind that , if their community gets risk or something not like old people .
Actually they do not think their rights to do for their community , People have right to vote , paying tax , In korea , men have to go to army .
but some young people do not give to helping their community .

Firstly , Young people do not go for voting for their community , They go for a trip or abroad instead , or some people go to migration to other country , so then they do not participate their community eventhough they have a right to vote .
Therfore the less people is vote for their community and they get unsatisfaction their head of community .

Secoundly , Youn people do not pay their tax to their community .
so then the community cannot operate their work for the community .
young people donot mind about the community .

Finally , In korea , men have to go to army when they over 20 years old , but some tuong people go to migration to ecape from the government that try to catch him because he does not go to army .
or sometimes they are try to get ill , so then they would not go to army .
It is being the most big problem in korea .

I agree that the young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It should be changed , and then all of the communitie can operate better .
This philosophic question , to know who is enjoying the more life between young and old people , is a current one .

An often answer is that olders have more experiments , and had to solve more problems , to reconize each new hapiness moment and enjoy it as it should .
But , i do n't think so , because to my mind it 's only a way to not be threaten by our futur .
In my opinion , young people are quite naiv and not realy aware of their environnement .
For them everyday is a new one , they are n't boried accumulating problems , their owne are essentialy about their boy or girlfriends ...

Moreover I think that a lot of olders , like my grand-grand-mother , was realy traumatished by the second world war .
And , even if they did n't done it , their children to .
Because , in many family this feeling of constent threat and fear from the human genre was quickly transmited from parents to children .

But , nowadays , we could see that all over the world , youngs try to make extrem actions , like being violent , practicing extrem sports , preapering atemotats , drinkng alcool and in many other ways ...

So can we say that yongs are happy and enjoy life ?
I realy do n't know .
My final opinion would be that not more than the older ...
car is apersonal transport vechile .
cars are used by the people to go tothe office or work .
for this purpose maintanance of car is required .

for maintance of car consider so many factors those are car 's cost , milage , petrolium charges , safty , security , confortability , speed and easy to drive .
if this qualities satisfied with the consumers then car exisist more than twenty years for using the people .

now analys the factors that one cars 's cost .
it plays very important role in the exisisting .
if the car 's cost is low consumers are intrested to buy and use car .

now consider the petroliumcharge and milage of cars .
petrolium chargs are variable because that charges depend on marketand avalability of petrolium .
so milage is most importent criteria to maintain a car .
if milage is more consumers are intrested to buy the car and maintain the car .
if milage is high then car will exsist longer time .

now consider the safty and security of cars .
it plays very importent role because if any acceident occur safty is importent , security meas proteted from theft .
speed also plays one importent role .

finally i conclude that if car satisfied all conditions listed above it will exisist longer time .
I agree with the statement that `` it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' because students can use their imagination to think out side of box which helps them to think widely and nothing avoid them to think what they feel about it .

First , for example of learning chemistry experiments , from what we call `` experiment '' , students have a right to find out by themselves .
It is more interesting to know from their teacher giveing the anwer to them than have them explore it .

Second , for example of learning history around the world , because not always right thing to learn what happened , sometimes it is better to know what was really behind the scene .
It is good have a knowlege from what teacher from textbook but it is always need extra know ledge to understand what really history means .

Third , for example of learning literature , like read excellent peices from excellent authors which not always that these authors have great lives .
They have good ideas so write good stories .

Most of all , it gives intersting `` for students to undrstand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
They need to know how to flow thier ideas by doing this .
i agree that .
Life is a person live period of time .
Some people believe that the life is interisted and some do not .
Some said that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

young people may have more chances to enjoy their life than the old people .
as goverments care of them more and build for them more interested places .
Also , the young people always have the ability to do many things that old people can not do .
For example , young people can have interest in enternet cafe ' while many old people do not .
many old people have deseases that rob from them thier health and make them disapair .
Many old people have problems in their mucels and that made pain for them .
young people have many things to do in their life .
They may interest in their bissnes or with their friends in many places .

in my point of view , people must have fun when the were young because they will lose many chances while their oldness .
Low belt jeans colorful tshirts fast food night life this generation suffering from empty space , what is he working for his goals ?
some of them has goals of living and some of them just living the day everything seems meaningless they expect too much from the world but they dont seemed to give , maybe they dont have big challange for living maybe this the reason who knows but it is sure that somethings have been going wrong , there must be start line , if you let them know that they can show up something in the life , they will do something about that Communties can be solution , start line , most of them are more interested popular culture than communies if you can make it with their sayings ` cool ' you collect them into these communities .
Communities are something that you can show and understand you existance , it is something like i can make difference in life i am not pretender but i am an artist , It is very easy to observe this generation just watch the economic statics designed for them like computer games where they spend most of their time , You must make them know the benefit of communities like meeting new people making organisations about helping other people Communities make them interesting
Did you hear that if you want to succeed in our socialty which find new something .
In fact , many people is our competitor such as friend , classmate , and company 's person .
Nowadays , peolple connect to information through the internet , radio , culb , and television .
We can think common think or have same item .
If you like adventure you take the new item to have find new things and take risks rather than already know how th do well .
Successful people have the stratigy .
They have the future plan , and not common idea , that is creative something .
In my case , i take the already know how to do well because i do n't like the risk .
I want to follow the already know and I think to plus other stratigy .
Sometime I think that I want to challenge in my life and want to change my life stlye .
However , the most inportant thing is that stable life .
I think that successful prople must have enough money .

If I try to find new item I have enough time and money .
We do n't know about the new things success and lose .
I recommand that in case of first business you take the already know how to do , and you have already siccessful business and enough money and have truthly friends youcan take new job for yourself .

In concludsion , I think it is better to take already know to do well .
Everything try to fine new something is good but I think better you can know to use it how to do well .
yes , i totally agree

well , nowadays many people do not give enough time for helping their communities especially the young people , because for example they are always busy going out with there mates , and going to clubs and malls , playing soccer , and many other sports , thats why they do n't have enough time i guess , thats what a young people at age of 10 to 18 years old people think about most of the time , well it actually depends on which country your'e talking about , because each country differs from the other , for example in this country , young people and old people help their communities most of the time , like they clean the streets sometimes , that 's what me and my mates did last week to make our area clean and good looking .
In general , most of the young people do n't help their community in everywhere most f the time , well my advice for all the young people is to help their community no matter what situation he 's on , even if you helped your community for only one day , that would be really good , and about getting an execuse that you are busy , well i guess you can manage your time , like make a schedule , to know when to play and go out with your mates and when to help your community .
It 's not a hard job to do , it will take only one hour or two hours maximum a day , that would be really good .
Travling one of many things the poeple like to do it .
Each persone or group ( families or friends ) who travil togther has or have own way .
One of these ways is travel in group led by a tour guid .
I diagree with the people who do or like that for many reasons .

First of all , always the tour guide has a specfic time to do his jop every day .
If you miss the group you miss all think .
One of my friend who tried this before he unhappy and advise me to do not take it all of my live .
When he was in Italy with the group .
The people did not wake up in the morning and all days scuall was done .

Second , some of the tour guide give the people who wuold like to travil with them the deams vecation .
The try to make the group begger and complite the seats and rooms withch they maed reasvitions .
In addation , when you spend this days you see lots of diffrentces .
Then you understand them .

Thired , you can do all of activeties by your self with your friends or families .
Search on the internet ask people who visitted the please you would like to spend your vacetion .
You will save many , time , and have privesy ( privet ) .

We like the tour guide ads and programs .
But still the travel with your group is the best .
For all thes reasons I complitlly disagree with the people who do or like that .
The companys in the world build a lot of product , but not all of these product need the people .
So the companys spend a lot of money in TV spot or marketing in newspaper .
They want that the consument thinks that they spend the best product and the consument has to buy the product .
The question is when the companies spend more money in marketing , sell they more .
And if yes spend they so much more that the cost for marketing are in the value .
Red Bull spend half of their money in marketing , they have two teams in the formular one , one football club in austria , one air craft world series , ...
But is that to much money .
Cannot they spend the money in better produkts or gaves the money to theirs workers , shareholders , in social projects , ...
Another example is Ebay , Ebay spend a lot of money to tell the people that you can be happy if you sell your thinks which in your house or in your flat .
You tell 3 , 2 , 1 , my .
But are you happy or is it better if Ebay do not spend such a lot of money in marketing .
When they spend the money a better product , lower cost for the customers .
Or if they spend the money in environment .
Advertisements should tell us that we buy the best product , but in real we do not buy a product which is better than the product which stand next to them .
We habe to pay for the marketing , product from big companies are more expansive than products from no name firms .
The people feel better if they buy a product from big company , because they know that they get a good product .
When they buy a product from a no name firm they do not konw if the product is quit good .
I agree that most advertisements make products seems to be much more better than they really are concerning the material used and satisfaction to consumers .
Useing a below average materials in some products and advertise it the best .
For example , a hire dryer that will be bought and in the next day it is burned .

The seacond reason is consumer satisfaction .
Seeing an advertisment about a very comfortable and wonderfull car for example and when rideing it it 's completlly the opposite .
In conclusion , not all advertisements are true .
It 's all about selling there products in other words it 's about mony .
Consumers are the last in there tasks .
Yes , i agree with successful people tring to reseach in new things , because if all the scientists were happy by finding only one thing and to be perfect in that now we are unable to know about these many things and these many new inventions .

Todays life is very competative and the things are going very faster .
Human being has discovered many things even man landed on the moon also and he invented many things which are unbelivable and really wonderfull .

From the past human being was going on discovering some thing .
They do n't feel that they are taking risks they feel that they are inventing some thing usefull and help full for others .
If they feel that they are taking risk by inventing some thing today we are unable to know about these many intresting thing .
They discovered every thhing which is helpfull for human being and also which is harmfull for human being .

Six years back the whole world was suffered with Y2K problem but it was discovered .
Not only this human being has disovered to many things .
Today we are enjoying a convinient life and happy life because of all those successfull people .
We should encourage them to make new inventions and new discoveries .

They discovered every thing what was our past how a human being was in his past and they discovered many thing for the convinience of people for every thingfortransport , cooking , preserving etc .
Wht all things we wre enjoying today is becauseof them .

According to my view of concerned i belive that because of that successful people now we are here and we grow more higher in our future days .
So , here ends my statement and i agree that successful people trying new things is great .
It is more important for students to understand ideas and conceptd than it is fot them to learn facts .
there are some reasons why it is more important than learning facts .
facts are just lecture .
Idea and conceps are lecture , too .
However , they are different .

To understand ideas and concept are effective an education system .
For example , when teacher is explaning about abortion , if students understant the concepts .
Why is it argument ? , and why it is legal or illegal .
Students know about cuasing and effect of abortion .
Also , they can understant alternative way between molar and reality .

they know just facts , they can remember just result of abotion .
they can not know why it is argument .
they know just it is good or bad .
For example , teacher explain mathmatic .
If studends know just facts , they can know just answer .
they can not improve their skill , and they do not know process .

To know abot main point is the most important part of education .
the answer is important , but the process is more important than answer .
st
Is the following statement important in our life ?
I disagree with that , because its depend on life .
Above all , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Because its effort to student 's mind and dream .

First , when students was younger age , they decide about their mind of thinking .
At that time , many parents help their chirdren , And they hope about successful .

Second , students always dream about future .
When I was 14 years old , I warried about myself .
I heard that mans recieve the three chances in living .

In my experence , I dislike the lost with something .
Such as these thinking cause mey children life .
There is many kinds of people in this world .
also there is a lot of people who had successful with something .
some people believe that they good at and always .
try to do something that they already know very well .
I believe that the people who succeed in the society must be willng to try something new and take risk rather than only doing what they knoe well .
But , In my opinion , successful people should do only that thing they already know how to do .
Beacuse if you try to do something new things you may will have hard time to come back to that thing you could do it beafore .

For example , Let 's say your jop is a `` Successful dentist '' .
But , one day you learned how to play golf .
Since than you got too much in to the playing golf and you deside to be pro-golfer .
May be you will be amazing pro golfer .
but there only little chance to be like that I think .

Beacuse you spend allmost every time to be a dentist in your lifetime .
at
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than tere are today .
Today the employes , management men or more generally the workers go to the office by the car .
The roads , day after day , are full of the cars .
Less persons take , the bus or the train to go at office or stabliment .

Besides in these years family go on holiday in week/end , and so every week they prefer to take the car for to reach the holiday city that they take bus , train ...

Besides the modern people is less active that the past people .
In the past the people go to the office or stabliment walking for three or four miles , instaend today the boys take the car for to accross the street !!

Another reason because it is impossible that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today is the price that the cars sell to public .
In the past the price of the cars is more expensive than today , and so less persons can to buy the cars .

Today the boys of 19/20 years old buy the cars , because the price of the cars must share in several parts distribuited on plus years and so the young boys can buy the cars .
I agree with the statement .
I will chose the group travel led by tour guide .
First , using a tour guide takes us less time to search the detail of the place we will visit and the way how to go there .
If we do n't have enought time to study them , this become a convinient way to travel .

Secondaly , a tour guide may know the special place which ordinay tourists do n't know .
I think it is very difficult to find out the place which local people only knonw good .
So if we travel led by a tour guide , we may more appriciate the tour .

Fainaly , travels led by a tour guide provides us with more safly tours .
For example , foreign countries travel is the case .
When we go to the countries , if we do n't know what the language spoken or how safe the region is , that may ocuur some dangerous situations .
So , If we do n't have a confidence we get along with them , using a tour guide is good selection .
